Love all the colors in this skirt and that i can wear it with a tee and flat sandals or a black jacket and heels. easy piece to wear many ways. great quality too.
This tunic trumped any other i have seen this season. the style, with the delicate open stitchwork around the upper chest gave it quite a feminine appeal. i especially love the weight of the fabric being on the light side. won't have to worry about hot flashes like when wearing a thicker fabric! it's warm without being bulky. and to top it off, it was on sale and i was able to grab two colors. this tunic is also age appropriate and flattering for most anyone. extraordinary to say the least.
I needed a dress that was easy to throw on for summer days and this dress is perfect for that. it's flattering, light weight and unique. i've received a handful of compliments while wearing this dress. i am 5' 6" 150 lbs, hourglass figure and typically purchase a small or medium (8-10) and chose a small for this dress. i'd say it's still loose on me- which is what i prefer. the scoop neck and cut out allows you wear a normal bra. however, i've noticed i'm more comfortable wearing a camisole or s
I love paige brand pants-they are soft, comfortable, and forgiving. i love these, and want them badly. the are still tight all the way to the knee and then go out into a flattering flare-it is difficult to find the perfect fit on something like this-and paige has done a wonderful job for my body.  my store does not carry petite so i tried these on in regular length. they were significantly too long for me (5'3") probably 3-4 inches to long. i am hoping for a sale so i can buy them in petite for
This top is really pretty and nice quality. runs big - i went down a size, and its perfect. coloring is more subtle in person than in the photo.
I tried on the petite size in my usual xs, adn i actually have to go down to xxs, i looked overtaken by the shirt. i'm 5'2" and 115lbs)  cut is flowy and not close to the body, sleeves are narrower, but still ok with athletic built.  color: light one is great for gals with darker complexion and hair, but for my pale self, the darker one was better... but can't go wrong, i ordered both colors and liked both of them.  ruffle is a great addition too...
I tried these on on a whim because i liked the shirt that they were displayed with in the store and was surprised how much i liked them! they are a great lighter weight alternative to the pilcro hyphen chino. great for hot days of summer. the subtle vertical stripes go with everything and help elongate the leg. overall a really flattering cut. the waist is not too low and does not create muffin top.
These jeans! i tried these on, in addition to the high rise paige denim, and these won out hands down. classic flattering fit from mother, with an element of edginess with the frayed hem. these are long enough on me (i'm 5'5') to cuff at the ankle if i don't want a distressed look on a particular day. they are slightly stretchy like other mother denim but not so much that i would size down. i have muscular calves and thighs, but someone who does not could likely size down and be happy with the a
I ordered this top in my usual size and am exchanging it for one size smaller. it runs very generous, and so the sizing is a little off. the style and quality are beautiful, so i am anxious to receive the smaller size.
The blush stripes are subtle but they definitely give elongating effect to your legs.  very comfortable pair of crop pants but my calves are definitely feeling tight in there!
I got a small mauve. the fit is great and the length is perfect for me, just few inches above my knees. cute and cozy! what more can i aske for!?
Fun detail with the beading and lace! arms are a little longer while the body of the sweatshirt is a little shorter than expected, but that's the style of the piece. the fit was tts with those proportions mind.  the ladies at the store said that if i ordered the size up, it might be a little longer in the body, but that the arms and shoulders would have been the biggest change. the material isn't too thick, so it's a nice lighter layer for fall/spring. really love it!
I went ahead and ordered a size up based on previous reviews, but i should have ordered my own size, as they're a bit loose around the waist. the pants are adorable and the pinstripes very flattering, so i definitely recommend them!
This is exactly what i was expecting. cute, comfortable and casual. there are some gold sequins in the scroll work that i didn't see online. they are super pretty in person.
I love these pants. i have worn them a number of times already this season. i am 5' so i did have to have them hemmed. i lost the bottom button in the process but there are still 3 or 4 on the pants so i don't think they look odd. i also wear very high boots with these pants so that helps. a crisp white blouse and black leather jacket and i felt like a million bucks!
I love this tunic the natural color is just that, this is a tunic so the fit is a little large. i kept it and had it altered because i really do love this top
These cropped pants are very light weight and super cute. they seem to run just a bit small (i sized up one size from my usual) and don't seem to stretch so a size larger than you generally take may be necessary. the thin pin stripe design is very light in color so they are quite versatile.
I have this dress on today in white and i am coming back to buy the second color even though pink is not my favorite. great comfy, casual dress that pairs well with a variety of shoes and jewelry to dress it up. highly recommend for summer!
Size down! i love this item. it goes perfect with leggings but if you are typically a small you would need to order an extra small and so forth. hopefully once i wash this it will shrink some.
I purchased this top in a regular small and surprisingly, it fits me very well (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). the hem falls about two inches longer than shown on the model. i like the v-neck the most because the ruffles are not too much, and it's not too low cut. i purchased the white color because i think the pattern is unique and it's brighter for spring/summer. i think skinny jeans and ankle boots or wedges would make the look very stylish. by the way, the fabric is super soft (but not w
From the picture i wasn't sure how it would fit. got in the mail and i love it. fits snug when you first put it on and get looser as you wear it. definitely should of gotten a large.
I was hesitant to purchase this coat because of the price, and when i received it i have to admit i was a little disappointed with the quality of the coat. the sleeves are made out of a soft felted material but i can see this pilling easily. other than that, the silhouette of the coat is perfect...not too boxy! it's also not too heavy so that you can wear it through fall and into the first months of winter. i love it!
This top is very cute. got it in the lighter color. the fit is great and it will go with many things. if size medium were not out of stock in the blue color i would have purchased that one also.
This is a perfect jacket over any shirt, tee, or dress. jacket is well made and goes with anything!
I ordered this dress in both colors. the peach color is so beautiful in person. i'm planning to wear this dress for our rehearsal dinner at the end of the summer, if i can hold off until then! definitely worth the price.
This dress is incredible. i saw a sales girl wearing it in my local retailer and loved it! i bought it in the navy color, it's gorgeous in person, very bright, vibrant colors. i am 5'9 34 c bra 27 inch waist and the s was quite big on my waist. i kept it anyway because the xs has been sold out, and got it taken in a bit. i wore it while vacationing in mexico and it definitely turned heads, if you're thinking about buying this dress, do it, you won't regret it!
Absolutely love this dress! fits true to size and makes anyone look fabulous
Per other reviewers, i sized up from a small to a medium and the jacket fits me just right with room for layers. it is short (cropped), but i like where it hits me and is versatile for jeans and dresses.
I have alst year's version,a dn they are essentially the smae, minus some leather parts removed... this jacket is great, the back si a little shorter, so it goes so well with peplum tops an ddresses with higher waists (without looking bigger from the back when the hem is longer and hits where the skirt aprts bulge out). i love hte darker color, i wish it came is super dark rinse...  i usually buy petites, but i never tired on the eptite in this jacket... i am holding myself back to order this on
Bought both colors in xs and soooooo glad i did. this dress is absolutely gorgeous in either color... will have (do to the nice quality) and wear (very stylish) for a loooooong time.  a must have for the summer!!!!!!
Comfy sweatshirt with fun polka dot details. soft and not baggy. a little on the shorter side so i think i will layer a lace cami underneath and it will look even prettier. i'm 5'7", 140 pounds with an athletic, hourglass shape, 32dd. i bought the "2" which equates to a medium since i wanted it a little looser being a sweatshirt (i'm normally an retailer small but i don't think that would have worked in this case as it would have been too fitted). great comfy weekend piece!
I could wear this every day, it is stylish and comfortable
Pretty top. love the color and the large ruffle. makes it great for layering or with a pretty necklace.
Love this top! it is a full/ swing top, but the slightly shorter length balances out the fullness perfectly. i have been wearing it with a contrasting fitted cami and get tons of compliments. love both colors, and having fun wearing them. and after one washing the fullness is softer and looks like the pic. runs true to size and in the arms slightly tight, so i went with my usual med and fits perfect. if you have issues with sleeve size would recommend going up a size, otherwise very true to size
Love, love, love this dress. it is very slimming. it hugs you without really touching you. leaving the tie and a few buttons open gives it more of a casual feel.
I'm 5'3 130# with a 32dd bust. i usually wear small in retailer/ cloth and stone/ running horses. the small fit me fine, but with no room for layers underneath. the small was very snug. would be perfect for california evenings. but, i live in the north east! the medium still has a great shape on me, still fitted at the waist (27inches), but enough room to wear a light sweater or flannel under. the medium still also looks great over my maxi dress.
This dress is gorgeous!!! i love it! i bought it to wear to a july wedding. i got the navy and it is so fresh and crisp in color. the sizing is on spot! i slipped it on and it was comfortable, easy and stylish. i am 5'7" and typically xs. it falls exactly as portrayed in the online photos. it is lined in the skirt and the top is stretch jersey in the best weight! i am in love!
This shirt is one of my favorite retailer purchases ever! it is well made and is perfect for work or the weekend. the first time i wore it, i received so many compliments!
I want to live in this sweatshirt. it's so comfy, but also well-cut and lays nicely, not boxy at all. i'm typically a 10-12 or l in tops and the 3 is roomy without looking sloppy.
After missing out on last year's similar dress, i am so glad i finally purchased this one! it is beautiful in person. i bought to wear to a wedding, but i am curious if others think it might be too white? i bought the peach color. i will keep this dress no matter what. hope they come out with more next season!
I read the reviews and because this jacket is pilcro i took a chance. i was thrilled when i rceived this jacket. darker color of denim with weathered edges. i absolutely love it. don't let it get away. great jean jackets are hard to come by.
Love this denim jacket (also have it in white) the reason i didn't give it 5 stars all around is the distressing is just a bit too much (none on the back which is kind of strange). i'd love it even more if it wasn't distressed at all, then it could be dressed up much more for work. but overall it's my favorite, great fit and a bit of stretch so very comfy. please make this in some other denim colors!
The cut is brilliant-the wash is subtle-the weight of the denim is sturdy but not stuff-and the stretch is just right. love it. the perfect staple. a scarf in the fall and rolled sleeves in the spring.
Love it; the bit of stretch in the denim makes it less stiff than traditional denim.
I love these. i'm between a 29 and 30 and as the 30s were sold out i had to go with the 29s. they fit well. as expected. very nice fabric. good design. have to wear a short shirt or one tucked in. fabric has a bit of stretch which is also nice.
I lost my favorite denim jacket on a trip a few years ago and haven't found one i really liked again...until now. great quality - just heavy enough but not too heavy, just stretchy enough but not too stretchy, great color/design. no complaints. i read the other reviews and was happy to have ordered one size larger than my normal. i typically take a small but the medium in this is perfect. it is possible i actually like this jacket better than the one i lost several years ago, which is a big endo
Beautiful colors and silhouette (i got the navy). the skirt is lined and flows wonderfully when you walk. i've gotten a ton of compliments on it. i'm 5'9" and the high hem falls a few inches below my knee, and the low hem falls to my ankles.
I love these culottes and i think they will be everywhere this coming spring / summer. the high waist is perfect and looks great with shorter shirts or tucked-in. the denim is high quality and a nice medium dark color.
I'm glad i listened to the other reviewers...i ordered a large instead of my usual medium. it's roomy enough for a sweater underneath. i love the denim! it's very soft and has some stretch. my other denim jackets are stiff even after years of washing. i also love the darker denim.
I'm 5'4" 125 lbs ordered small. fits perfect. super soft denim. love the color love the worn in feel
I have been searching for the perfect denim jacket and this it! i love the darker color, more modern day less 80s. it runs a little small. i am always either a s or xs at retailer. lately, their clothes seem to be running a little bigger, so i have been an xs in most tops. when i order online, i never know which size to get. i ordered an xs, however it was very tight in the arms and across the shoulders. i wanted to be able to roll the sleeves up, so i returned it for a s and it fits great. i was
I have received so many compliments. it's my favorite
I wore this dress for the first time yesterday... i have never received so many compliments on a dress before! several people even stopped me in the streets of nyc to tell me how beautiful this dress was! it is an absolute must-have!
I love this little jean jacket! i am petite and usually get a xxsp , but went for a size up. i'm glad i did. it fits a little snug. the color is true to the photo and the material is a medium to heavy denim. the arm length in the petite size is perfect for me. i love this - over maxi dresses, tanks, etc... adorable jacket - great buy!!
This dress first caught my eye online. due to the price i resisted. then i saw in store and tried on...i decided to hold off for a sale, but my will was getting thin. once i saw it start to sell out online, i had to take the plunge. i knew this dress was a must have. it is super flattering and comfy! the best of both worlds. i'm small-chested so both the s and m fit, but the seam on the s fit a bit higher, which was more flattering on me, so s is what i got. it can be dressed up or slightly down
I love this blouse! i just bought it recently and have yet to wear it out other than trying it on. this blouse looked very nice on me which can be challenging. i don't live near an retailer so i have to order online exclusively. i have larger hips (135lbs, 5'6) and finding flattering tops can be tough. sometimes they look amazing online and then once i try them on, they just don't look right. some shirts have a tendency to accentuate my hips too much making me look shorter. this top looked great a
I purchased the navy color of this dress. not only did it look good, but felt good as well. since it is for a wedding, i also purchased a white crochet cropped "sweater" to wear over as well, making the perfect dress for the mother of the groom. could not have been happier.
This top looks pretty much like it does not the model. the sleeves are a nice length and are not too tight. the fabric is light weight, but not see-through. it does not wrinkle a lot. i've gotten several compliments on it and it goes with lots of different bottoms and will work under jackets too. the v-neck is pretty deep, but doesn't show so much cleavage that you couldn't wear it to work.
Love this top! made with 100% cotton, a vintage look, and flattering details this top is a winner for me. i think it fits true to size (got my regular size 0) and i did not need the petite and i am fairly short (5'3"). it is somewhat see through, but with wearing a nude bra and not wearing it to work, i think it can be worn without a cami. the perfect lightweight, comfortable, standout piece for the summer time :)
I really like this blouse a lot. very very easy to wear!! i wore with pencil skirt to work and with skort as shown similar on model with sandals on weekend. very flattering and great blue color!!! very happy with this purchase. highly recommend. i am 5'6" short torso and my usual 6 worked.
I just purchased this beautiful printed blouse in the pink color and love it! i almost always wear a size small at retailer (34d-27-35) and the fit and length are both perfect on me. if you are smaller chested you can easily go down a size. i absolutely had to have this whe i first saw it at the store and noticed how popular it was as i had to order it due to it selling out like hot cakes there. what i like about it is the texture and the ruffles at the front plus the length of the sleeves stop ri
Bought this on a whim and it exceeded my expectations. i didn't know what to expect with the quality of the fabric but this is incredibly soft and warm. haven't worn it outside yet but i can see this already as one of my favorite items. i'm usually an extra-small but the xxs also fits. it's a great buy especially since it's on sale now.
This is an awesome vest - so soft, cozy, and i cannot wait to wear it through fall and winter. for sake of not repeating all the positive aspects that the previous reviewers did, i'll mention the one flaw...no pockets :( still totally worth full price in my mind though.
I find that maeve shirts tend to run a little small. i'm usually an 8 but needed this in a 10. this shirt is reallly just perfect. great sleeve length. just the right amount of v neck. beautiful pattern with a vintage feel. i love the combo of stripes, polka dots and sweet flowers.
This blouse is so pretty. i love the long tie. the pattern is very unique. it is a thin, light weight fabric so you can easily wear it underneath a leather jacket.
This is a beautiful blouse...sheer and feminine. i am small busted and slender so i need a size smaller than usual. it is a full top...can't tell exactly how full in the photos but with a small chest there is just too much under the arms. so if your chest is more ample you could prob order your regular size. this is supposed to be a full, shorter fit...i would say the style is going to look better on someone who is a little taller with a medium sized bust rather than someone who is shorter and b
The photo of these is truly misleading - they are a beautiful vibrant print - see the close-up photo. they are much longer on a regular person - they come a few inches above my ankle and i am 5'5"there is a neat slit off to the side on the front of each (like a pleat) that really allows a nice flow. these look great with boots, flats and do sit lower on the waste as i think they run slightly large. not lined, but drape beautifully. there are pockets (sewn closed upon purchase) and pack pockets.
I didn't think anything of this top online (i really don't care for how they styled it) but in store it was more interesting. i'm currently anywhere between a 2-4-6 / xs-s-m, depending on the style, 5'3" 120lb 34b. size 2 regular in this top fit me perfectly. for some reason, on me, the sleeves were elongating and flattering (closer to my elbow) and the overall length hit me perfectly at the hip like on the model, the fabric is lightweight and therefore slightly sheer but, due to the color and p
I absolutely love this sweater!! it's soft, easy to wash, and looks great!
The blue motif is a gorgeous indigo with an interesting pattern. a short tunic that drapes nicely and is flattering. very happy with this purchase. i plan to buy a 2nd for my mom to keep her cool and stylish.
I love this tee! the material is thick but not too thick. it's highly flattering- i love that the sleeves are a longer short sleeve to cover up the bingo wings. the shimmer on the front adds something special.
I got this top in the black and i love it. the bottom is a silky material that's really beautiful, and the cutout details are really pretty. so many of retailer's sweaters are enormous, but this one fits tts.   my one complaint is that the bottom white part wrinkles really easily.
My daughter and i both purchased this vest at an retailer store. this vest is so flattering on and is so much cuter in person than in the online picture. it is chic and stylish and will definitely be a staple for fall and winter.
This is a great piece to help ease on in to the chillier days of fall and winter. it's versatile- i can see myself wearing it with plain short or long sleeved tees or even tops with more elaborate padderns or button downs! there's so many options i cannot wait to put this gorgeous piece to use! just as an fyi, the sleeve openings are slightly unfinished and have a frayed effect to them. this may not even be noticeable if you're not looking right up close. for me, this adds to the unique quality
I just got this dress in the mail today and it is even better in person! the description didn't give as much information as i wanted so i'm going to be very detailed in this review. i did take off one star for quality because some of the beads are already loose (two fell off when i picked the dress up for the first time), and i'll have to hand sew others on more tightly. my usual size is a pxs or p0, and there were no petite sizes available. however the size 0 fits perfectly, no alterations need
When i received this blouse, ai noticed that there were gold dots all over the blouse and they were very sticky. some of the fabric would stick to these dots. i thought it was because the weather was sticky and humid. however, after hanging on my closet door, the dots are still sticky. i do love the design and fabric so i will try not to let the sticky dots bother me.
Wasn't sure about this top based on reviews, but glad i purchased! pretty print, looks great with denim. very loose, flowy top. hangs a little short, but that's the style of this blouse. fit true to size. i usually wear a 2/4 and xs/sm with 30dd. size small worked for me.
This too is so beautiful in person. there is gold dots all over the blouse that are not overwhelming. i love this top with business attire and denim. fits tts.
I tried this in the store and i like it - nice and soft, good basic design that will pair with many pieces. but i decided to wait because of the price. i'm sure i would get a lot of use out of this top, but ultimately it didn't thrill me enough to make it my top priority purchase. i bought a sweater that was on sale instead. still, a very nice top. i may buy it eventually, especially if it goes on sale.
I bought this in a petite size s after trying on the regular size in the store. it was a good move because the proportions in length and width are more flattering. the pattern is busy but works well with patterns in the same color group. it has no finished seams on any edge but that makes it drape nicely. it is a soft, soft fabric, almost fleece-like but not plush.
I love how soft the sweater materials is and that the built in layer piece falls so nicely. i purchased a small in black and have already worn it with jeans and heels for a dinner and with cropped work pants for the office. the bottom piece does wrinkle a lot but you can easily smooth it out. really quality materials and on sale this is quite a steal!
I am 5.6", 138 pounds. i purchased this in a size small. it is flowy and not too short. it has a comfortable, but still feminine and beautiful fit. one of my favorite new blouses...the red print is gorgeous
I normally wear a large or extra-large; the medium is still very billowy on me. this blouse is ethereal and lovely, though - pretty and funky at the same time. it's sheer but somehow not revealing. perfect for when you want to look composed and cool on the hottest day of the summer.
I saw this in-store, tried it on, and was sold. it is not just super soft but very flattering on. i am petite, 105 lbs and bought the xs in black- the sleeves are short enough that no petite size was needed. i will wear this a lot with both skirts and jeans.
Love this. it's heavy/warm, stylish and a great throw on any outfit. oversized style.
Tts. i'm wearing a small. the black goes with so many of my charlie print pants. washed nicely. layers flat to dry. had to iron the shell underneath. great for casual office.
I like this sleeveless sweater - it adds warmth and visual interest without adding a lot of bulk. paired with black/white patterns it's pretty versatile (as seen in the pics) - a great staple for a more casual office environment. being a taller girl i love the length on it, and find it's flattering for my curvy figure.
I love the sweatshirt   clay color is very different it's a nice light fabric with nice detailed edges   although it is an oversized piece it hangs and fits well although i am petite  great light sweatshirt for spring and summer
Love the patterns and the length.  i basically would agree with all the reviewers including the person who noted no pockets.  it's really a special piece and on sale, very worth it!
I got the navy stripe version of this shirt and it has a very cute nautical vibe to it. i am either an xs or s in antho, and went with the xs for this shirt as i think the s would be too boxy. normally i would have overlooked this shirt as it's rather unimpressive on the hanger, but it was on sale so i tried it on. very cute when tried on! it fits well across the shoulders but isn't too clingy in the body, which i like. the fabric is very comfortable and the shoulder detail gives it a little mor
Not sure why this shirt is getting bad reviews. i am tall and have a long torso, so perhaps that is the issue for some who find it not so flattering? maybe if your taller it hangs better? i have to say... i love everything about it. it is a fantastic print, it is very flowy but i don't think it's too much in that regard. i think it is fitting with the romantic, girly style of the garment. in my opinion not too short, just right. i took a medium, i am 5'8" and athletic.
All the rave reviews are true!  this vest is plush and funky and i love wearing it. i'm having fun figuring out different outfits to wear with this. this is a great three season layering piece and i'm thrilled i was able to get it on sale.  my only regret was the lack of a petite selection.
I love this top. i got it on sale and am so glad that i did. it is a short too but still super flattering. it isn't too boxy on me.
I tried this on the other day at the local store in a size xs/s. although it's wool i didn't notice that is was itchy & usually wool bothers me. i am of small build but i did like the long & oversized look. i admit i am drawn to the print anyways. i noticed the right armhole was larger than the left so i tried on another xs/s - it was the same. probably the armholes will be smaller in the petite sizes. i decided to make other purchases but will order the petite xs/s in a few wks since the invent
This has great drape, length, the pattern is super versatile with solids or prints. i am finding the wool to be itchy around the neck, so not sure if i will keep, though i don't seem to want to take it off! has a lightweight, boiled wool texture, contrasting print and design so cool!
I was skeptical about this duster and had to see it in person, and it was love at first sight. the black and white makes it versatile, and the pattern makes it interesting and fashion forward. more importantly, the pattern is cleverly designed which doesn't compete with your wardrobe should you wear a bright color or a similar pattern (as shown on model). i purchased the regular xs/s and it fit me fine (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, and 36 hips) and the hem falls about two inches below my knees. the
Surprisingly flattering on, especially with pants/jeans. extremely figure flattering because it enhances the figure and hides flaws: the pleating enhances the bust, the v-cut provides a touch of a peekaboo (not enough to show cleavage but it's there in a super flattering way), the hem flares out a bit to hide the tummy and enhance the bust even more; the short sleeves are versatile so it can be worn in the office, under a jacket, or just plain for going out. the material is not too thick but not
An excellent going out to dinner, to a lounge, etc. piece. super flattering, sexy, feminine and trendy! can be dressed up or down with some nice accessories. i'm only 5 feet and very wary of jumpsuits, but this was excellent!
I would've looked right over this online but i saw it in store and had to try on. the navy and the white were both cute but i tried the navy. i'm usually a m but went with the s b/c it looked better fitted. this shirt has a very vintage feel to it and is slinky and comfy. i can't wait to wear. would look great with white jeans!
This elegant white lace dress attracted compliments everywhere i wore it. it is classic with just the right amount of quirkiness . i like everything about it!
I ordered the sweater in a medium but it was too large - so reordered it in the small and it fits perfectly. love the length- it hits mid hip. it is more of an a-line than straight as show in the picture. the detail is fun and the sweater is well made. highly recommend it- i have received lots of compliments on this sweater.
This sweater is of nice quality and has such great detail to it - love the pattern to the knit and the ribbon detail is unique and beautiful. the knit itself is of mid to thicker weight, so definitely appropriate for winter, fall, and cooler spring days. i bought my normal size small and felt like it had more of a slub fit than pictured in the model shot - it was wider down the torso and a little shorter (not tunic length like picture). i'm 5'7" with a longer torso and this hit maybe mid-bum and
I saw this online but it never struck me as something i would wear. however, after seeing it in the store it really caught my eye with its detailing, so i tried it on. what a great decision because it is so much more beautiful in person, and very soft and warm. it's a perfect winter sweater to start the new year. i am 5'-7", 138 lbs. and the medium fit perfectly, though it's a little shorter on me than shown in the photos.
Great fit! no bagging and sagging and they fit true to size. very cute! for reference, i&#39;m 5&#39;2, 115 lbs and take a 26p. they look just like they do on the model. i highly recommend!
The length is perfect. the cut of the hemline makes it off the charts cute. i love it w ghillie type flats or booties. pair w a big warm sweater, or a sleek turtleneck, and watch heads turn as you enter the room! i promise! love this skirt.
This dress is beautifully constructed. it is very fitted and does run on the small side. it will be a perfect derby dress. the lace is lovely and the pearl buttons are great touch. age appropriate for anyone..a very  pretty dress. simple, classic and gorgeous!
The color is a very soft peach, and the knit top over the gauze is a very light, summer-weight knit. i can see this being worn casual, or dressed up with a statement necklace and nice skirt / pants.
I bought the dress that has the cream skirt with large flowers. i wore it for a wedding and was not only very comfortable with the pockets and the cotton top, i looked good. i got a lot of compliments on the outfit. people thought it was a shirt and blouse rather than a dress. i loved the high low skirt. the sizing was accurate and the dress is easy to clean.
Soft, comfortable, stylish. i eagerly awaited the arrival of this beautiful sweater and was not disappointed. the sizing was accurate for a perfect fit and i love the feminine detailing and shape of the necklne. the ribbons add an extra touch of style to a sweater that is both casual and elegant at the same time. very versatile.
Adorable sweater with a loose knit that helps slim down my man-back appearance. cut is tapered to the body but with a soft flare at the bottom hem. not clingy, very soft fabric doesn't accentuate bulges so i am happy about it's forgiving silhouette.
I walked into retailer with low hopes of finding a dress for a friend's spring wedding, as a lot of this season's dresses are more casual, but was drawn to this pretty number for multiple reasons: it can certainly be dressed up or down depending upon accessories, the fabric feels incredible, it has pockets, and it's really fun yet classy as heck. typically i wear a 10/m in dresses, but they only had a 12 in store, so i took it and made it work by tightening the sash a bit extra and wearing a bra w
I was able to snatch this dress up just before it sold out (and i see it's now back in stock!). the quality of the fabrics is outstanding, not flimsy at all. the top is stretchy. normally i would wear a 2 at retailer, but the only choice i had was 0 and it fit. i am 5'5" tall, 125 lbs. everything about this dress makes me smile and i can't wait to wear it to my holiday party! don't hesitate if you are on the fence.
I saw this dress online and immediately went to the store to try on! it took three sales asscoaites to help me zip the dress but once it was on it was beautiful! the bodice fits really nicely. true to size. there was extra fabric around the waist bust nothing that made the fit look weird. love love love!!! wearing for christmas eve!
I got he green color with gray accent stitching, looks awesome with gray tone leggings. super soft, definitely runs a little big (5'6" 140 lbs i ordered the small) but not in an unflattering way.
Love this tunic, it's super comfy & cute. i have in cream and love so much i ordered in mint. looks great with jeans and boots
I really love this lace-up shirt, but i only liked it in black on me. i like it open like the model is wearing it, but i had to have it a little more closed because the lace part does go down a ways-and i felt like i was revealing a little too much. i would likely wear it open, but then have to pair it with a cami underneath to feel comfortable. i absolutely love the whole outfit as-pictured, and also reviewed the polka dot pants. i wish the laces were a little longer than they are-if you have i
Love this blouse, it;s super comfy, looks awesome with jeans. this blouse runs true to size i purchased in my normal size small.
I was hesitant based on the reviews, but i'm glad i ordered this dress (in blue). the material is like a french dot texture that is soft but still a bit structured. i had no issues with the fit. it's appropriately just a little oversized. the styling is very mod!
I purchased this jacket in green, x-small a while back and wasn?t 100% sure about it due to the size. i?m 5?3?, 117 lbs and a 33a and thought it was a little snug so i tried on the small and that was way too big so i kept the xs. i have worn it a few times and it does look great however i can only wear thin tops with it. recently i purchased the black, x-small and this i love. it?s looser then the green so i can get away with thicker tops.  i do recommend both jackets. they are pricey for what
I love this jacket over a dress! it's snug fitting so can't wear anything bulky under it, but super stylish and comfy stretchy material. it's a bit pricey but i get a lot of wear out of it so worth it to me.
I'm 5'1 and 110 lbs.  i ordered this in a xsp and i could barely zip it up.  and when i did i couldn't breathe. i tried again and ordered a sp and it's perfect! now i just need somewhere to wear it.
Beautiful shirt, hits me a little higher. i'm not sure i'm going to keep it just because i have something similar but its a beautiful top. i'm 5'6" and carrying a little extra baby weight right now so i'm an 8-10 instead of my usual 6-8. i ordered an 8 and it fit well.
I love this blouse because it's great for work with cardigan over it, and great for going out with skirt, pants or jeans. it is tts and very flattering, light weight, and comfortable.
I happened upon this in my local store despite the fact that it is an online exclusive. i love finding returns so i can see them in person. i loved the soft colors right away. my hesitation was the standup collar but it actually folds down just fine and gives the vest lapels too. it also looks nice belted, left slightly open. i usually wear small or xs in tops and the small fits nicely. it doesn't need to close since there are no built-in fasteners. i will wear it with a long button down shirt o
Great looking jacket with attitude. the color is more like a faded black or deep charcoal grey. i'm usually a large petite but this is snug in the chest. luckily it's a knit so i can make it work by zipping it partway and leaving the top half open.
These jeans are so cute! they are perfect for petites too! i am fit, look way younger than my age and get so many compliments when i wear these jeans. i'm. i'm 5'2", 115 libs and they definitely fit tight in a good way. just like the photo pretty much. they are not small like the white mother ankle fray jeans for sale on the site now. those definitely run smaller so these are true to size with a tight fit.
I live in los angeles and this is the perfect beginning of fall jacket! i've worn it with dresses and with jeans. definitely has enough extra room to slip a hoodie or small seater on underneath when it gets colder. it's soft and stylish. the only downside is that the pockets aren't really deep enough to put anything in.
Nice tee, true red,3/4 sleeves, lacing is a nice touch. good quality and great sale price.
When i ordered this little jacket i knew i would like it, upon arrival i fell in love. it is a little edgy with leather detailing and with stretch in all the right places, the crop is super flattering. appeared online to be a bit more of a sweatshirt material but it has so much structure and holds its shape!
I got this shirt in red and black. both colors vibrant and material of shirt is nice cotton blend. will get lots of use from both shirts.
This is the most flattering shirt--love the fit and color!
I love this shirt so much that i've now bought it in 2 colors -- the olive green and the red. probably would have bought it in black too if i didn't already have enough black shirts. it's both a plain and simple tee, but with the fun lace-up detail at the neckline that keeps it from being boring.  it runs true to size but is very fitted. however, due to the thickness of the material, i didn't feel like any unflattering bumps or lumps were being highlighted, despite how close the shirt fit to my
Don't try this on, if you don't plan to buy it. it feels amazing!!! i bought the black and it is a lovely charcoal color and matches so much.
I like the lace-up trend, but most designs are too revealing. this shirt is super sexy, but not immodest. i bought it in black and am now buying another color. to me, the fabric feels soft and thick, very nice.
Great shirt. the neckline is super flattering. the fabric has some weight to it. right now i am in a "fat stage"...and it still looked good. it will look even better without the midriff bulge! i bought the shirt in black. i'm thinking of ordering it in red...it's that good.
This is a great shirt that goes with everything. it's super sexy and i have to say....the girls look great in it! i bought the black first and went back for the green. the quality of the shirt is great...not cheap and no smell, at least not in my experience,  like was mentioned by another reviewer. i can't say enough about how cute this shirt is!
I purchased this blouse because i love a 70's vibe in my tops. it is a beautiful, colorful top, but the colors weren't flattering on me. having said that, the cut is nice, the fabric is lightweight and flows nicely, and the fit was fine on me. i am a curvy 5'5" with a 36 c cup. go for it if this is a style you like. one other note, i wish it had been a bit longer, but i am older and prefer a little more coverage. it's just a personal preference. i think the picture is an accurate depiction.
This is one of those you have to try it on to appreciate the lovely unique design. it is a very unique, flowing, romantic piece. it is sheer and i would wear a nude camisole underneath. i am normally a size small and bought a size 2 (i tried on a 6 in the store just to see what it looked like, fell in love with the look and the retailer associate recommended i buy a size 2). love it!
I got to try this on today and i really like it. the fabric is a normal t-shirt kind of fabric (i was hoping it would have been kind of special) and the v-neck in the front does go down a ways so that some cleavage is showing. i would feel comfortable wearing it as-is outside of work, but would have to pair it with a cami if i would going to wear it to work. normally, i am not a huge fan of v-neck in the back and it drives me crazy thanks cami's these days are often made with a "versatile" v and
A breath of fresh air. spring flowers! easy to wear. very feminine and flattering. looks great with denim, orange, reds , etc. very happy with this purchase.
Nice fit and flare style, not clingy at all. i got the grey color, petite large, fits perfect. will wear with tights/boots or booties. lots of color options to accessorize with.
This top is soo pretty with a cool edge. it looks and feels like really good quality.
This dress is flattering in all the right places. it has a gorgeous skirt with a comfortable, form-fitting top. it provides just the right amount of coverage. i love it so much i bought it in two colors!
I love this top! it's easily both day and night-worthy with a splash of sexiness in a front peek-a-boo design. lovely embossed design all over.
This bra is extremely comfortable and surprisingly supportive considering the lack of padding or firm material. it also runs large.
I love this sweater dress and get compliments every time i wear it.. i bought the navy in size xs. the pattern and colors are just fun and youthful, although you don't have to be young to look good in this dress. the dress is fitted, but the skirt flares, making it flattering if you have hips like me. the material is not too heavy so you can wear this 3 seasons fall, winter, spring. as other reviews have mentioned the dress is short. i am 5'9" so it does hit well above my knees. this isn't an is
Extremely flattering. an easy dress to wear - good choice for both day and evening
I took a chance and tried on this jacket today at the store. at first i was worried that it might look boxy on me but as soon as i put it on, it was love at first sight! it's so cute and very comfy! the sleeves are slightly long on me but that's been a recurrent issue regarding all my jackets. i'm only 5'3" about 124 lbs. and it fit me very well. because it's a bit cropped, it makes me look taller. glad the weather is starting to warm up so i can find more excuses to wear it. i didn't need anoth
I tried on the usual xs in the patterned style, and it fit really nicely. the colors are very nice in person, vibrant. teh cut is flatering and gives a nice definition at the waist i also love the lace up neck detailing. the sleeves flutter out, and will give a bit more volume, if i would change something that would be it. i would make the sleeves more fitter or perhaps shirter with the flutter. i am 115 lbs for reference...
I had it on my wish list for a long time, not sure whether i should purchase, i even hesitated when it went on sale, but boy, am i glad i did order it... it is crazy comfortable, flattering, and love that it looks black but is blue... i ordered both xs and xs p and decided to go with the petite as it will look super cute in the fall with boots. not too short (i am 5 foot 1.5)... the fake leather part concerned me at first, but i like it now... nothing bad ot say about it!
I ordered this dress in size xl in the grey/red/yellow combination. i love everything about this dress. it's comfortable. the colors are cheerful. the proportions of where the stripes are placed works. but, i have to return this dress. it's too short for what i'm comfortable wearing. i saw from the photos that this comes mid-thigh on the taller models. i hoped that would mean it would be more knee-length for me. unfortunately, it's just too short and i'd feel self-conscious. i don't want to deal
I had to order this blouse since it is named after the town i live in. it does not disappoint. the flowers are so pretty and it has great style. there is a little piece in the neckline so it is not too revealing. the sleeves are loose and cover the bra strap underneath. the back has a little bit of elastic so it does not look like a maternity shirt and it gives you some shape. i can't wait for it to warm up and to wear this!
Perfect trans top.  skinnies or boyfriend and booties.  love the mixed prints
This top reminds me of the special tops i got "once upon a time"...when retailer adopted a more curatorial approach to their store. this is a beautifully-made top...quite dramatic but comfortable. i've received many compliments each time i've worn it. it has wonderful drapery and movement.
This blouse is so pretty and well made. it will be a new favorite with dark jeans and boots. it is very boho and a lovely blouse to feel dressed up a bit on a jeans day. loose in a flattering way (it does not look like a maternity top). very happy!
I ordered size small and medium because i can go either way depending on brands. and both look great! there is no significant difference except medium fell about 1 inch longer. i am 5'4" and size small hem fell about 1" above knee. size medium felt tab bit more loose but i thought fabric may stretch a bit after wear so i'm keeping size small. what a beautiful dress! although the body of dress is jersey material, it is lined so there is good coverage. i tend to not like "faux leather" since they
This top is so pretty and feminine. the different floral patterns work very well together and add an interesting flare to this unique blouse. the fit is very comfortable yet still very flattering due to the empire waist and flared sleeves. the fit is true to size, i usually wear a size medium or 10 in retailer tops and the size 10 fit quite nicely. this top is a great addition to any spring wardrobe and should transition nicely into summer as well.
Very cute, very comfortable. for me aesthetics and comfort must go hand in hand. this dress fits the bill.
Very comfortable and versatile. got lots of compliments.
The combination of vintage and bohemian styles seems as if it would be flattering on all figure types. and i love the combination of smaller and larger prints. the only thing i didn't like is that on the blouse i received, placement of the larger print on the bodice is asymmetrical (unlike the photo). it might not bother some customers, but it wasn't what i was expecting, so i ordered a new one. i may keep it even if the second one is off, because other than that small thing, i think the top wou
Saw this online and had to try it on when i found it in the store. i usually wear an 8 or a 10 depending on how things run, (i'm a 34 dd), so i tried on both sizes. i really could not see much of a difference between the two and was torn as to which size to get. the 10 was just a tad looser so i went with that one, but seriously i could not find or feel much of a difference. it is a very figure flattering top, and a plus that you can machine wash it. simply awesome!
Love love this dress. fits so great. i normally wouldn't have picked this dress. more preppy than my normal style. fits amazing. my hubby has complimented me more on this dress than anything else i've ever owned. the fit & flare style is super flattering i felt it fit tts.
This is one of my absolute favorites! the design is perfect, and the fabric is so beautiful. i don't love the coral color, but the mixed pattern is amazing. it runs a little large. i sized down one size and it fit perfectly. it's very flowy and comfortable. it's these unique, special designs that end of being my favorite retailer purchases. i've gotten so many compliments. very highly recommend!
Beautiful colors, especially the pink. i am 5'3" and about 124 lb. i got the small petite but am thinking of exchanging it for the regular xs. not only is it short hem-wise, which i don't really mind, but it is short in the waist. very pretty and good fabric.
This dress caught my eye because i don't have anything like it. i wear between a m & l and preferred the large in this dress because i have a large bust. i usually wear a 10 in slacks and 12 in tops. i love the lace on this dress because it looks very delicate in the picture but it is very heavy and well sewn onto the fabric. it is durable while still looking elegant. i also like that it is in navy and not black. it is also nicely lined. i plan on wearing a colorful scarf with this dress.
A beautiful combination of eyelet with a soft fabric which lays beautifully. this does not make you look bigger then you are and i kept tts so the eyelet did not pull. mine fits perfectly. i personally will wear a cami under it as it is a bit sheer for me. it has an almost peacock print to it in colors of brown and tan. the black buttons down the back adds interest and charm. just adore it!
This dress looks great on me. it gives a slender appearance which hides a lot and it's easy and comfortable to wear.
I first saw this jacket hanging at the store and it didn't look very cute. i saw it again on sale so i decided to try it on. i'm so glad i did! the inside gray material is so soft. i have broad shoulders and this jacket did not hinder my arms at all. it is very comfortable. i bought the x-small and was very surprised at how roomy it was. the sleeves are a tad bit long but the gray inner lining has an elastic cuff so it can be pushed up. not sure if the xx-small would've been too small or if the
For me, the tag sale is an opportunity to take a second look at items that i may have overlooked earlier, to pick up something fun at a good price. i found this dress in two colors in my size in the store! i took my usual xxsp at 32-24.5-32. length is perfect - just above the knee and the top is flattering with not too much fabric in the skirt. overall, this is a really cute staple dress. looking forward to wearing it in the spring. larger busted ladies size up. it is meant to be fitted in the t
I absolutely love everything about this dress. it can be dressed up or down. no complaints.
The horizontal lines on the skirt and top gives the wearer and very nice dress. i am short so i got the 6 petite and it fits perfectly. the fabric is thick and stretchy.
This is a great top to pair with jeans to step a casual night up a notch.
The colors are more vibrant than the photo indicates. indeed, though, the dress is very short and does pair well with leggings and boots.  i like that the dress highlights my hour glass figure, but with a generous nod to my curves with the accommodating skater skirt.  love it! will be easy to wear casually and work appropriate, too. the sale price was a huge bonus.
Top of the line! very well made and on sale to boot. i love the style and received a compliment from my sister when i wore it. i love the layered look.
Perfect little summer tunic that is very flattering. paired with a skirt, jeans or cropped black pants- this top is perfect! the cut in the front is not overly deep- so a cami is not necessary. i am usually a l or xl or 12 in retailer tops and i have a 10 in this top. so it is sized slightly larger than usual.
This blouse fit better than i expected. looks great with jeans and is an easy go to top!
I love this top! not sure if i would picked it up in the store; i received it as a gift from my husband. kudos to him as it was a great choice. i love that the sheerness and lace make me feel a little sexy but the long sleeves and camisole offer the modesty i tend to crave. really beautiful and can be worn either with jeans or a dressier skinny pant for a night out. hd in paris never fails to please with their aesthetic and quality.
I've admired the various iterations of this dress and finally found one in the sale room, much to my delight! i'm generally a sale shopper, so this doesn't mean i didn't think it was priced well. i have the oatmeal top with yellow/gold/orange pattern on the skirt in xs. the small fits comfortably up top, but on my petite frame, the top just looked too big, so i went with xs. i suppose the straps are a bit confusing, but their easy to figure out if you just look at them for a moment before puttin
This dress is comfortable as well as flattering, which does not happen very often! looks good with navy tights too!
Love love love this jacket!! great spring and fall weather.. very stylish!!
I purchased this dress because i have a similar one with a linen skirt from the spring. the skirt on this dress is a heavier fabric and it lays very nicely. the top provides good coverage for my larger chest and i took my typical xs size. i would definitely recommend this purchase.
This jacket looked so good and felt so comfortable on- i almost didn't send back the first one that arrived with a little bit of damage at the bottom of the inner zippered sweatshirt, but i did exchange it and am just as happy with the fit and feel of the second one. it hangs well no matter how you fasten the front, or leave it open. great looking, casual but stylish and neat. a good grey, and a good blue.
I went to my local store and they only had the blue dress in stock, i had seen it online and i didn't expect to like the blue one. i tried it on anyway, and it was adorable! i struggled to choose, but i ordered the gray one at the store and they shipped it directly to me. it arrived quickly and i love it!
This jacket has a nautical look which is a refreshing change for this year. it is double breasted & a stretchy cotton, which i love. i am a big fan of cotton. it appealed to me so much that i ordered both the white & the navy in the regular size small. i am of small build at 5'3", 117# & expected that the sleeves c/b a little long. i avoid ordering petite size jackets b/c sometimes they are snug in the shoulders. ok, so the regular s was a good length at the bottom of my hips, but arms were bagg
This top is gorgeous and versatile. i wear it with jeans and dress it up with a skirt. so happy to have this in my wardrobe.
The jacket is great, the quality is very good and the fit too, the best part is how it looks !
I was looking for a stylish spring/fall jacket and this one seemed to fit the bill. i was shocked by the quality and softness of the material and construction of this jacket. i could honestly not believe how comfortable and cute this felt and looked on me. i can't wear it enough! i am a short 5'2" but 36d and have 31" waist so i ordered a size m and l to see which would work best. as it turned out the m fit with plenty of room! i am normally a 12/14 so i was surprised by this. if you are on the
I just received these pants and i am very pleased.  they are a little longer than i expected them to be, but that actually works out well because now i can wear them to the office.
I was hoping this would go on sale and now it finally has! i loved this dress just as much in person as i have online. the fabric is interesting-it looks almost plastic in the online pictures but don't be fooled, it is still a comfortable fabric. it is almost like lots of diamond pieces were actually sewn together to make this dress and i love it. there is a sipper down the side to make it easier to get into, but also in the back there is bunched up fabric which is made to be ore bendable for th
I tried this dress on and felt amazing in it.  i got home and showed my husband my purchases.  i told him i wasn't sure if i should have bought this one and told him to be honest with me.  he said it looked great and he was glad i bought it.  so great for a spring wedding. fits true to size.  i am 125 5'4" c-cup and i bought my normal size 0.  this made my waist look really small.
This is a very nice jumpsuit; reviewers were correct stating that torso is long & fit better a taller person. as soon as i read the reviews i went on and placed an order for size 8, i'm 6ft tall 160lb and it has been very difficult to find a jumpsuit to fit my long torso. this one however turned out to be perfect! true to size and fit, not only that, the fabric is very soft and good quality, very interesting style of the jumpsuit, looks much better in person! i particularly liked cropped, wide-l
I love , love this top !! it looks just like the picture on model. the front is a soft t-shirt and the back is so cute and flattering . super unique and comfortable style.!! i am 5'4 -105 and xs fits perfect.
This top is so lovely, i was worried of the color on my pale skin, but it is complementary, nice warm tones. yes, it is a tank, but i can see this as a transition piece into fall with a nice blazer, jeans, boots... the xs regular is perfect for me, length is adequate. if i were to go with petite, i might think it is too short. it is flowy, but still has shape, more than a swing top, so very flattering. the back is really cute too, definitely need a strapless for me, due to the thin straps...
I love these! they are a perfect addition to my fall wardrobe, and just like all other pilcro jeans, they are a great fit and true to size.
I often have a hard time finding items that fit true to size, but this top fits perfectly. it is cut really well and very flattering.
I'm surprised i'm the first to review this dress! it is a must for the holidays and any special occasion! it is absolutely gorgeous! it is so feminine and seductive; it's one of those dresses that would be stunning on anyone! it is a quality dress, beautifully made, looks just like the photo. i'm 5'9" & the hemline falls at the top of my knees. the neckline is exquisite & really "makes" the dress. i purchased the black version but if i was younger i'd get it in red as it would garner quite a bit
This shirt is very nice quality and looks stunning. it does run tight in the shoulder area and is a bit of a challenge getting off, but as long as i don't rip it one of these times all will be well! it looks so nice on that i overlook that design flaw.
Love this blouse! its so darn cute. the fabric is soft, flows nicely and is just absolutely stunning without being over the top. it falls at the lower part of my hip. the softness of the fabric would make this easy to tuck in. the body of the shirt, sleeves, cuffs and placket are contrasting florals in black and creamy white. the top part is a brownish burgundy color and the flowers/butterflies are embroidered in goldenrod yellow, peach, creamy white, two mauve tones, turquoise and brown. the li
This is a beautiful top. it extended longer than i had hoped and a petite size was not available, so i ended up returning it. but it is beautiful and the tassels on the sides make it truly unique.
Love this blouse! i took a chance on ordering it and wasn't sure what i would think. this blouse is fabulous!!! it has a boho-chic flair to it in a sophisticated way. it's one of those "special" pieces from retailer; elegant, quirky, sophisticated. the details are great, too. of course the embroidery is beautiful; but there are a couple more fun details. the cuffs on the sleeve have multiple buttons; so that you can button them tight or just enough to roll the cuff once. when the cuff is r
Love this top! it is super flattering with a long floaty body. i usually wear a 4 but sized up to a 6 due to the reviews and am happy with it but think a 4 would have fit as well.
Love tanks and this one is sweet and flowy. great with jeans/shorts or slacks with a jacket for the office. beautiful yellow floral with fun straps in the back that you can wear with a bra. front neckline is cut narrow so bra straps show but with nude or plastic straps it's not that big a deal.
This is truly unique top, the  detail around the neck is a nice change!!!
I am 5'2" 125 pounds and i bought the 4p. the fabric is high quality and does not cling at all but instead drapes and in a very flattering way. add that to the cut of this jumpsuit and you have elongating, very flattering lines. i could not be more pleased and regret not having bought this item earlier, since i would have enjoyed wearing it during the holidays. as other reviewers said, it is adorable and a winner.
Great little transitional piece. i bought the blk/blk floral one & it's not your usual top. sort of quirky & one of a kind looking. i think it's crazy comfortable & i just love it! even its a bit chilly outdoors, toss on a scarf round one's neck & head on out. not the kind of top you'd wear with a jacket.
This top has a western look with lots of black and some burgundy shades.  it is very cute and the fabric is soft.
I was lucky enough to get a hold of this intarsia sweater dress after the sale and i wish i had purchased this the first time round. it is absolutely stunning, flattering, comfortable and unique! i am 5'3" and the regular hem fit me just fine at the ankles. i think this dress runs both tts to a bit large so i would size down if your small framed and stay your usual if your busty or broad shouldered. perfectly complements my taupe booties that i already owned and a my taupe maxi sweater that has
I purchased this top in a great sale! fits great,true to size i am xsmall-small for reference, purchased small. i ended up putting a bandeau bra on with it to feel more comfortable. it would be great in the fall with a cardigan/ sweater, or a blazer. super cute to wear alone in summer with jeans!!
I am returning the dress because it smells heavily of the last purchaser's deodorant and perfume. it was actually nauseating to put on. i am disappointed with retailer that i was sold this dress, full price, in this condition. otherwise, the dress is lovely. it is true to size. i am 5'5" 110 lbs and the size 0 was perfect.
I had been on the hunt for a plaid bomber to rock this fall and this retailer edition bomber surpassed all of my expectations! it literally pairs great with everything fall.. chokers, boots, dresses; you name it! it also fits very true to size. not too fit to your body, and a little loose, but not too loose.. just like a bomber jacket should! i highly recommend this product.
I am pear-shaped and often have a hard time finding pants that fit just right. these did the trick!! they are slim in the waist, but have plenty of room for bigger hips. the overall fit is body skimming/hugging, but they are not tight or uncomfortable in any way! and i have no gapping at the waist. the fabric has a slight sheen to it and a little stretch, but they will be a perfect pant for the office. for reference, i am 5'4", 34/26/38, and i got a 6 regular.
This jacket is well-made and smart looking. it gave me just the boost i needed today at a difficult meeting. thank you retailer!
Perfect fit. did not lose its shape. thicker material. great quality for a great price. definitely  a wardrobe  staple. can be dressed up or down. work (business) appropriate. fits tts. for reference,  i am 5'0", 109lbs, and the 00 petite fits perfect. falls right above ankle like pictured. if they had more colours, i would get them too :)
The fit on these pants is just right for me. i have curvy hips and a slender waste and legs. these pants don't gap in the back, as fitted pants often can. easy to dress up or down. the color hasn't held up as well as i hoped, so take care when laundering.
Very comfortable fabric and fits nicely. i am 5'10" like it states the model is, and it falls shorter on me that viewed, but still looks nice. it will be an easy dress to use for different looks.
When i tried on this bathing suit, i decided to not try on any others. it was just right! i usually find bathing suit shopping difficult and no fun--as i can never find a suitable bathing suit. this suit looks nice/flattering, and i can also move around in it and it stays in place. i purchased it in the navy and i'm going to order it in another pattern as well. it looks modern and classic; it's a chic style. i'm a size 6 in dresses, and i purchased a size 10 in this bathing suit.
Love love love these leggings and what an amazing price point!!!
The colors and fit of this suit are even better than described. it is the most comfortable and flattering one-piece i have ever tried on.   as noted by other reviewers, there is limited support in the chest; this suit will keep you covered but does not provide lift.
I had been looking for a one-piece that is fashionable yet practical. fabric is beautiful, fit is impeccable, no complaints on lack of support. i find if you tie it tight up top it's very practical. this was the perfect choice for me. i am 5'3" 120 lbs and ordered the small.
These sold out in my size 16 before i even knew they existed! (probably a great indication that your in-between and plus-size customers are hungry for more options from you). please restock so i can get in on this apparently-perfect pant!
This suit fits like a glove! i've had five kids and am currently nursing my last baby so i was looking for a suit to wear to the beach this summer when i'm just not feeling a bikini. this is it! it's comfortable and not binding easy to nursing and swim in. overall worth the extra splurge. i'm tall too so it was plenty long on my torso.
Cute top! the bright red crochet shoulders and back add the perfect pop of color to the light blue pinstriped front. it's a little loose and boxy around the bust area but overall i think it's a flattering shape. i got the regular s and don't find it too short. for reference i'm 5'2", 134 lb, 34b. i often wear petite sizes but due to other reviews mentioning that the top is short i ordered the regular size and am happy with the length and fit.
Comfy easy dress. i bought the black version. fabric is so soft. i wear this around house, but don't hesitate to run out in it if needed. i bought medium so it was roomier and for length since i'm tall. small also fit, but was shorter than i wanted.
I had my reservations given that i'm petite (5'2", 108lbs) and it's midi style. i'm glad that i took a chance. i bought the red motif and it's beautiful. it's wrinkle-free right out of the package. the color is vibrant and the style is classic and effortless. fits true-to-size. great for work with a black tee as shown in the picture.
Cute comfortable top. fits well and will look great with skinny jeans.
I purchased this dress in black and love it. its hot where i live so i am always looking for a lightweight dress that i can throw on either after the pool or out and about. i wore it to an outside concert with sandals and a simple braid, it was perfect! considering ordering it in another color!
Perfect fit! can be dressed up or down! more colors please!
These are great pants. i love the fit and the taper of the leg. these will be my "go to" black pants for the fall season!
This swimsuit fits exactly as i had hoped. i purchased it in the teal dot and it is a little brighter than in the photos, but i ended up liking that better. it is well made with thick (but not too thick) lined material. also, i was initially worried that the deep v-neck may be too deep for my liking, but once i had it on,it looked classic and not showy. i love the suit.
I love these pants. i bought as basic pants to dress up or down and they look good with flats or heels. also i like you can wash instead of dry clean.
These pants are awesome - please make them in other colors besides black and navy!
This is an amazing swimsuit. i had been on the hunt for the perfect one piece. i wanted something a bit on the modest side, but still sexy, and i hoped for a unique print that would make it stand out. the icing on the cake would be a suit that is functional enough to either lay poolside or scuba dive. enter this swimsuit from retailer. i fell in love with the teal dot print as it's unlike anything else i've seen - it's absolutely spectacular in person. i love the vibrant blue and the chic d
I really love these pants. just the right fabric, not too thick. so comfy. i do feel they run a bit big. they stretch out quickly so if you are in between sized, choose the smaller one.
I had been searching for a swimsuit that flattered my baby bump and this is it - i'm in love! for reference, i am 5'6",170-180, 10-12 or m-l depending on the item. however, i'm currently 19 weeks pregnant so im about 185 and growing - so i went with the xl swimsuit. i have a 36c/38d bust and although there is no true support in the top of this suit, it holds the girls in and the deep plunge is just the right amount of sexy. the bottom has modest coverage, showing just a little bit of cheek. i go
I bought the first skirt at the store. loved it so much i went online and found this one and bought it too!
I put this runs small but it's a little more tts, except the arms are very slim! if you like to push your sleeves up like this model, you will have to wait for a while to see if the sweater loosens up. length wise it fit me a bit longer than this model and i'm a petite. the color is also darker and not as red as in this sweaters, which i actually prefer. the sweater is much thicker than my other cashmere sweaters. some of the stitching seems stick out as if the sweater is worn inside out, but th
Love the fabric fit and cut of this skirt. it hits at just the perfect spot but runs a little large and is more flattering when sizing down (atleast on me) .
This is by far the cutest, most glamorous one piece i have ever tried on! it fits perfectly and is flattering in the right places, it doesn't show too much cleavage and is modest enough for family events. absolutely love this suit in navy. wasn't in love with the rest of the patterns, hoping they come out in more solid colors someday soon!
I don't normally try on tops like this but i liked the product shot so much that i wanted to repeat the outfit. i grabbed a large because it wasa shorter blouse. it was huge. i sized down to the medium and it was still loose but if i were to purchase, it would be that size. the red against the blue was very pretty but i didn't know if felt like a little kid in a uniform. the back did not lie flat, not sure if it was because of my 36d chest or because of the shirt design. it is well made and i th
I love this ankle length pant. it is so comfortable wear it with a tunic or tee. i can wear this for 3 seasons!
I think this is the first time i've successfully purchased pants online. i normally have to try a bunch of styles and sizes on before i find the right ones. i gave it a shot with these, and bingo! they are great! they are a bit longer on me than on the model, because i am 5'3" and did not order a petite. i still like how they look, hitting just above my ankle. just the right blend of conservative and cool for lecturing in front of college undergrads.
Such cute, soft and comfortable shorts. can be worn as night wear or out and about.
I saw these in an email and immediately went to the web to look at them. they fit well and have nice slim look. the bottom of the legs seems to fit a little slimmer on me than in the picture, but they aren't too tight.
Received many compliments the first day i wore them.. amazing fit. disagree with the other post. the quality is amazing. i wish they had other colors. bought xs
This is one of the most comfortable swimsuits i own. i purchased it in the turquoise dots print and found that it was colorful and perfect for a beach getaway. the adjustable halter style makes it really comfortable, yet cute. i highly recommend this suit to those looking for a unique, yet whimsical swimsuit style.
This top is gorgeous! this is why i love retailer the quality is amazing. i just love how unique this top is. it's a light jean blue and white pin striped shirt with these beautiful red crochet sleeves. i'm a 34ddd i ordered the large and it's perfect. it is a bit shorter probably because of my chest but i was going to wear it with high waisted shorts anyways.  it's a must buy!
Sale price is a great price for a cute cover-up.  so this is not a polite company dress.  this is a "i want to show off my cute underwear/bikini/cross-fit bod while i go get a cold pressed juice in venice" kind of dress.  or you can just wear it at home like i do.  runs small btw, so size up.
These fit me really well. i tend to have a problem finding trousers that fit my more muscular legs and my waist. usually, if it fits my legs the waist is too big. the trousers have some stretch for a better fit. the only downside is that i had go them hemmed (bought regular size).
I often find wearing anything described as 'slim' difficult, but these pants are absolutely wonderful. i bought in a size 12 regular length. they are perfect, both in fit and quality.
This midi skirt has a really nice drape with great seasonal colors! can't wait to pair it with my wine color booties!
This is a fabulous style top! highly recommend this top. comfortable material. retailer is consistently tried and true to a classy style!
This dress is gorgeous, but i should warn all the tall ladies out there that it fits quite awkwardly. i'm 5'10" and tried both the petite (thinking it would fall more like a midi), and the regular, hoping it would fit like a maxi should. both hit at a very awkward spot on my mid-shin... as much as i loved and wanted it, it looked too weird to justify buying.
These are the perfect leggings. they're so soft, and they don't stretch and droop throughout a day of wearing them. i ordered the grey and moss, and they have different textures, which is fun.
I never buy anything at retailer full price, but had to get this when i tried it at my local store, especially since it's back ordered for so long. it's very flattering, and super comfortable. fully lined, not see- through at all. elastic waist that's hidden under the sweater top. will be so easy to throw on and dress up for an evening out, or lounge in after a day at the pool or beach. looking at the model pics, i was concerned the arm pit holes came too low, but on me that is not the case. the t
This sweater is unique and really pretty.  i got so many compliments and i felt really girlie wearing it - it is so fun.
I just saw this in the store and loved it! it is shorter than pictured on the model, but it's not short. with a long shirt underneath, i'll wear it with leggings. the color is beautiful!! the size does run large - i normally wear a large at retailer, and i got this in a medium. i can't wait to wear it all fall and winter long!
Very fun and comfortable pants that will bring you many compliments. they do fall open when you sit down, though they have liner shorts inside for coverage. they are not appropriate for work but will become a wardrobe favorite.
These pants! great casual pants, i've received so many compliments! mainly because they are flowy, and the open panels make them different! with the weather so hot, they are perfect for keeping you cool. very pleased with this purchase!
Nice basic top...i will get plenty of use out of this! love the neckline.
I'd been eyeing this dress since i first saw it in the dress catalog when it came out. when i saw it in person, it was just as beautiful as i remembered! i'm about 140 lbs and usually wear a size s or m, but i tried the s on and decided to size down to an xs, because the linen flowy fabric lays a bit wide when on the body; however, the s would have worked, too! i'd say size down if you prefer your clothes a tiny bit more fitted. the fabric is beautiful and lightweight, even though there is more
I have been searching for a pale pink sweater for fall. the color and fit is much prettier than the way it is photographed here. i think it will look great over denim, grey, or olive green dresses and shirts.
I got this in blue and also in white, both size medium. it's a very comfy casual top and i love the horseshoe neckline and front facing seaming which makes it just a bit different. however....i can't figure out why the blue color fits quite a bit smaller than the white. but it does, so consider this when you order, depending upon how you want it to fit. i'm keeping both but will wear the blue in a different way, definitely not with leggings.
I found this at my local store and ended up buying both colors. the fabric is thicker than a t-shirt. these will go with so many things....jeans to dressy skirts. i normally wear a small but ended up buying the medium (2). the small fit me but was a little too short (for reference i am 5'8"). these will be a staple in my wardrobe all year round. love!
This sweater has the perfect slouchy shape for fall. i wish it were a little bit softer and heavier - the fabric is pretty lightweight - but it layers beautifully and will be a staple for me this season.
Marking down one star because these pants do gape quite a bit when you sit down, though i appreciate the shorts underneath that prevent any indecent exposure. these could have done with a little stitch in the front or side somewhere on the leg to limit that. that said, my other similar (non-retailer) pants that are much worse and are also are bulkier on top, which does not look great at my size/with my body shape. these are more flattering (i love the band on top) and comfortable. i am normally a
It is seldom that i write a review about a tee, but after receiving the jessa tee in the mail today, i just felt compelled to do so! the deal is, this tee is pricey for sure, but in my opinion, it is worth it! as another reviewer said, the cotton fabric is hefty; in fact, it could also be called a "lightweight sweater." everything about this tee is perfect and classic: the elbow sleeves, the nice neckline, and the semi-boxy, semi-cropped fit. it will go with everything from jeans, to nice slacks
These leggings are some of the softest i own. i ordered both the black and the moss and each has a distinct pattern. they are perfect for colder climates and fit me like a glove.
So comfy and stylish. love the color, i purchased the indigo/blue. nice fit, relaxed fit....not fitted. might have to get another color. it's fun to have a tee with a different design detail (neckline). i'm 5'7 145-150 lbs and ordered the medium. a smaill probably would have worked too, since my shoulders are a bit narrow. but mediumd is fine:)
I love this sweater! it is true to size and not itchy at all. i am 5'5" and i bought the small. other reviews said it wasn't as long as it looks pictures but it is the same length on me as it shows on the model. you can wear this with so many things! i can't wait for fall so i can wear it.
The coral is stunning. the shirt has a slight flare at the bottom that you can't see in the picture, it isn't a straight cut. the sewn edges are rough style making the shirt right for casual wear with jeans, or dressing down something fancier.
I received this sweater in last week, when i opened the package i thought for sure that this sweater was going to be itchy , it is not , the styling is great and very flattering for the price this is a great value.
I'm a 110 lb, shorty with a short torso and long arms so the standard xs was huge. i had the opportunity to try on both the xxs petite and xs petite. the xxs petite was almost perfect but i wanted it more flowy - probably best for those that are even shorter and more lightweight than me, othewise, it looks a little too boxy. the petite xs fit me the best and draped nicely, similar to the model in the pink. i had a sweater with this exact silhouette 5+ years ago and wore it to death even though i
I bought it in the cream color and loved it so much that i bought it in black too. super cute with jeans! can dress it up too. the only slight negative, if i had to find one, is that i feel like i have to pull it forward, at the neckline every once in a while...it doesn't choke me but just feels like it's heavier in the back so pulls a bit. worth it though! :)
This sweater is like a giant hug. i wore it today and received so many compliments.
This is a perfect saturday t shirt for the colder days. great fit; not form fitting with no elastic or rayon, soft cotton with great details. im 5'8 140 ish and the medium fit great. i bought a washed denimy blue in the store but may be coming back for more colors now! the white was to sheer for my taste though
I can never resist a peter pan collar, so i bought this top in the ivory. it's so cute! i wore it for the first time today and received many compliments. it's very comfortable, fits well, and looks expensive. highly recommend it!
This is absolutely adorable and so flattering! i have the patterned shirt, and i just purchased the white one and the orange one because i like it so much. i am 5 ft. 9" and 155 lbs. and the medium fits nicely. hope this helps!
I love this dress. i'm 5'8" and it fits me exactly like the model in the picture. i have slim hips and waist, so that helps. i don't think this would be as flattering on someone curvy. i wish it came in another color i like, i would absolutely buy in another color. i got a medium and it fits like a glove.
I bought this a little ago in the denim color. it has become a favorite so much that i bought another in white.
I was not impressed with this dress online but when i tried it on at the store i fell in love. it's a great summer / fall dress. i love the sweater top and linen bottom. so many compliments on it!
I needed a tee refresher, i had a good feeling about this one so ordered all three colors when they were on a promo, and i'm not disappointed. the neckline is different and works great to emphasize your favorite necklace. the tee holds shape after washing and drying. my favorite is the blue which i like to wear with dark wash jeans as styled on the model. the white has a cream tinge to it and i'm able to wear it with a nude bra without looking indecent. there is a cute little button detail at th
I found this sweater to fit me just as pictured. i am 5'8'', 128lbs and ordered a small. it hits length wise the same as pictured and is just as flowy with a lot of fabric. super cute with a grey top, white skinnys and brown leather sandals. love it!
This dress is everything. i'm 5'4, athletic build, 36d and the medium fit me perfectly. the colors are really understated and beautiful and can easily be dressed up or down. i wish the elastic around the waist fell a little lower but that's one of those things only i notice and definitely didn't keep me from falling in love and buying it. can't wait to wear it on vacation next week!
I love this cardigan! i ordered the pink and it's a really pretty color. i wish it didn't run so big but xs will be cozy all winter.
This sweater tee is made from a fine but substantial knit which hangs beautifully and flows over imperfections in your figure. the cut is very 1950's through the sleeves and neckline. it's a little cropped and boxy, just so that it hides your belly and accentuates your hips. it looks phenomenal with a crinolined a-line skirt.
This top has a comfy cozy feel while still being flattering. i especially like the generous neckline--adds a uniqueness to it. great shirt for dressing down, but still feeling feminine. i bought two! my husband always compliments me when i wear it.
I love this sweater. it has quickly become a staple in my wardrobe. i live in minnesota, so a fashionable throw-on-and-go sweater is essential. this sweater fits the bill. i love how soft and warm it is, the cocoon styling adds a fashionable element while the acrylic/nylon/wool material keep it functional (warm and cozy). i love anything with pockets, which this has. i somewhat disagree with the other reviewers who say this runs small or short. i did not find that to be true for me, and i ordere
Can be a bit itchy sometimes, i guess depending on your skin. haven't had a problem with the sweater up to now!
This dress is perfect. i'm literally wearing it right now. it's crazy comfortable while still being flattering. it looks and feels high quality, and just barely doesn't hit the floor. it makes me feel like a goddess. plenty of room in the bust area, even for me (36dd), and doesn't show bra straps or underwear. highly recommended!
I love this shirt. it would be a fairly basic tee but the neckline makes it fun. it's very soft and comfortable. i bought the white with blue pattern and will probably purchase additional colors.
I love this shirt. the neckline is flattering and the overall feel is very comfy.
I wasn't going to purchase this dress because it was given 1 star. however, i ordered it and i was so glad i did!!! i'm 5'1, 105lbs this dress fit me perfectly, it really compliment my petite body. i get so much compliments! it is not easy to order anything for a petite frame but this dress really show off my body without showing too much.
I tried this on in the store and had to have it. this is the kind of sweater that you just want to cozy up with on a nice fall or winter day with a cup of coffee in hand. i love the neutral pink color as it will go with everything. i'm a dress and skirt girl and this will go well with those items. it will cover your bum and i love the dolman sleeves. i highly recommend it!!
Bought this today - cant speak to wear - but overall design is so incredibly cute and flattering. i am usually a small or medium, but went with a medium. so different and wearable! white is sheer so opted for a denimy blue color that i dont see listed available online.
I love these tights so much i almost want to buy another few pair and save them for when these wear out. the lining is like clouds on your calves. they're thick enough that you don't need to be totally covered by a tunic but slim enough that they don't add bulk. love, love them!
There's are just what i was looking for! these are perfect in texture and thickness...not too thick but not too thin. super soft fleece on the inside. i both both the black and green...i will most likely but the grey soon enough.
Adorable, comfortable dress. the denim is super soft with a bit of stretch. please be advised this dress runs very large, especially through the hips. i normally wear a size 12 and the large was swimming on me. i will definitely be exchanging it for a smaller size.
I am long waisted and 5' 120 lbs. 34c. that being said, i purchased a size s regular and it fit perfectly. a petite would have been far too short. so i would recommend a regular size if you're a petite. also i have a big chest and this was very flattering. because of my chest size i usually do best with a v neck, but this classic peter pan collar looks great! i purchased the black. i agree with one of the reviewers who said that the nude color looked like a mess of a weave. the black and white o
This is a bit pricey, but it's the most beautiful sweater that i own. it fits beautifully, and the material is soft, not itchy, which is important for a sweater with a cowl neck. the cowl sits beautifully, no matter how you "fold" it. and, the pattern both at the neck and the bottom is vibrant and bright, and is just lovely. i ordered a small and it covers my butt, which is perfect for leggings, or even with tights and boots. it's not shapeless, but seems to graze your thighs, and has a mild tur
This product i better than the pic. nice fit and a nice throw on with boots nap glad i took a chance one it
I bought this a month ago and returned it. but kept thinking about it so ordered it. it arrived on wed and i wore it on thursday as a dress with tights. i got so many compliments on it. it was perfect for the cool weather and was not too warm.  this knitter thinks the quality of the jacquard knit is excellent. yarn used is top notch.
I am six feet tall so this will definitely be a tunic with jeans or leggings but if you are shorter it could easily be a dress. lovely pattern with soft cozy fabric. nice weight and hangs well. definitely a keeper!
I absolutely love this sweater! first of all, it's extremely comfortable. i have been wearing it around the house all day and have no desire to take it off. it's cute as a casual around the house top, but also adorable dressed up with jeans and boots. it drapes beautifully for an effortless chic look. the color is pretty close to the photo and very nice in person. the possibilities are endless for colors to accessorize and match with. this sweater is definitely cropped in length, which i normall
Has quickly become one of my 'go to' tops. comfortable, cute, looks just like the picture.
I saw this dress in the window at the portland store, and had to try it on. i was a bit horrified at how huge it was once i got it on--sort of like wearing a tent. no shape at all. one of the awesome dressing room attendants brought me a belt, and suddenly it was the most beautiful dress i've ever had on. it's romantic, elegant, feminine... the fabric is so lovely and the flowy sleeves with the lower scooped back just look fantastic. i can't say enough about how amazing it makes me feel. i wore
Love this blouse! the top is true to size...i'm generally a m and decided to try a pl which fit great. the pm was just a bit snug...looked fine but i felt a little constricted in the bust area and thought the pl was better for me. i'm 5'1" for reference and curvier on top than on bottom. i wore a nude bra when trying on and it totally worked with this blouse. the lace detail is a bit sheer in some parts near the bust line but nothing too inappropriate. i can't wait to wear it down to dinner for
This is a beautiful and fashionable blouse. it feels good on as it is made of viscose, it is pretty and feminine. color is great, of course it needs to be your color. i love it and recommend it!!
This dress is light, airy easy and comfortable to wear. i love the colors and pattern. it looks wonderful with or without a belt. i sized down from a 6 to a 4. i position the front of the dress material closer to the neck so it flows longer at the back. although i am a size 6 the under slip fits perfectly in a size 4. i prefer the dress without a belt but it also looks good with a belt or a jacket or long cardigan.  this dress is a keeper!
Great tank to wear to work or a night out. fits true to size.
Stylist at my local retailer recommended i try on this top. as soon as i put it on, i was amazed at how pretty it is. i'm 5'3" and curvy size medium and the fit is true to size. i would say if you are between sizes, you may want to size down. i didn't have any issues with the lace and the slight v-neck falls perfectly on me. no need to wear any cami.  my only concern was how wrinkled the top was. i requested to have the blouse steamed before i left the store so that i could see if all of the wrin
Not only a beautiful knit but can be worn as both tunic and dress on my short frame. it does not look like a sack tent when worn. very soft and flattering. collar is styled well and can be shaped different ways. pattern and color combo is the similar to the exquisite eira dress. i am 5'3" and i chose the regular over petite. i only wish the sleeves were longer.
As others have said, this is even prettier in person. beautifully made, colors are really pretty. it's unique and special. in sweaters i go between sizes small and medium, depending on the cut. i went with the small here because the medium had a bit too much fabric around the hips where i don't need it. it doesn't run large, it's just that i wanted it to be closer fit as i'll wear it with skinny jeans or leggings.
I love this top! the sizing was great, and i have already worn it so many times, and received so many compliments! it is great to dress up or down! such a great purchase!
Purchased in the blue. the color is a little darker than it shows. more of a slate blue. loved the fit. i am tall so it covered perfectly.
Very slimming, lovely dress. a nice addition to your fall/ winter wardrobe. the embroidery is lovely, fabric soft and comfortable. sized perfectly.  so happy with this beautiful black dress!!!
New fav lbd. i am 5 months postpartum and this dress makes me feel like my old self again. it fits right above the waist, with a bow to cinch the waist. love the fit and flare. the top is warm, great for a cold evening out. and the taffeta really dresses it up. love
After reading the reviews, i was hesitant to purchase, but glad i did. i'm usually an xs or s depending on the brand, but i got this in a xxs. it fits perfectly and is so cute. does not look like a bathrobe at all. i love it because it's almost like a cardigan blazer...looks like a blazer but feels like a cardigan!
Comfortable,t eh fabric is very soft. the embroidery adds a little to the otherwise plain black tunic. lace up neck on trend too.   i ordered the xxs p, as it is likely loose... that was just fine for me, xs p would have been not as flattering. theo nly problem with that is the sleeves then became a little more snug (workout arms). not too snug that i can't wear the dress, but decided not to keep it only because there are way too many things i like at retailer! (and have to pick). in my wish lis
I bought this in black and it did require me to wear a shirt underneath as it was a little sheer/see through. i usually wear an xs and i wore the same in this top. the black is very pretty and goes well with some skinny jeans.
This tunic is very pretty in black. it is lighter weight than the picture appears and drapes nicely. i'm 5'2 so i ordered the petite, but would have been ok with the extra length of the regular for when worn with leggings, with jeans the petite length will work well. i recommend using the size chart provided. i general wear an xs, but ordered the s, based on the size chart, it's a perfect fit.
It is so simple but elegant and beautiful! i am 5'3 and 120 lb and extra small fits me perfectly
I love this shirtdress. the lace and collar design pops off the black. super comfortable and love that it has pockets! a keeper, this one not going back ever. i am 5'9 and 140 lbs and the 6 fits perfect. the length comes above my knee, so most likely i will be wearing tights or skinny's underneath.
I love the soft, slouchy feel of this draped yet constructed jacket. don't expect a crisp fit. i'm not a fan of the menswear look so this jacket is the boho answer to a classic blazer. the one-button closure is easy to wear; the hem curves for a more feminine look. i hesitated before ordering (hoping it would turn up at my local retailer). by the time i was ready to order, the green version had sold out. as it turns out, the copper is even better. it was 86 degrees today, but i wore it anyway!
Unusual color. expensive even on sale.
I am 5'4" 140 pounds and ordered the 8 petite. it fits perfectly and is very flattering. the embroidery and lace up neckline thing is really awesome. it gives the dress some character... i am also a fan of the roll-up sleeves. i wish it came in other colors because i would certainly order more than one. the one and only potentially negative aspect, and i say potential because i'm not sure if its an issue or not as i haven't worn/washed it yet is it appears to be something that i may have to iron
The lokka tunic is a perfect go-to top for casual days or nights! pair it with skinny jeans or leggings and you are set! the long sleeves are fitted and long-so they can be bunched at the wrist. i ordered it in both the black and the the pale grey/blue shade. it is a winner.
I got two of these when they went on sale because i hate paying $68 for a basic top like this.. but for the sale price they are great! comfortable, lightweight, and flattering. the black is a little sheer, but nothing a tank underneath can't solve. a good buy!
I bought this in my usual medium and it fits great (fitted at the shoulder, loose below). it looks great with skinny jeans and can be worn casually or dressed up with accessories.
Ordered this dress online and wasn't sure about the criss-cross neckline feature but i love it! it's absolutely adorable and unbelievably comfortable. the fabric is very soft and lays nicely without feeling too "baggy" or frumpy. the embroidery is beautiful. i'm wearing it to a fall event in october and pairing it with my favorite cowboy boots, but it would also look great with flats, heels or booties. totally in love with this dress!
I was not shopping for a dress and somehow came home with this. in person the material and embroidery are just so stunning that i found myself picking it up. i was sold after trying it on. the material is very soft, both feels and looks extremely high quality. and for a basic shirtdress, it is amazingly flattering. follows curves without clinging to them. i'm 5'4", 123 lbs, usually wear a small in tops/dresses & purchased the size 4, which fit perfectly. i'm slightly chesty (34d) so sometimes ha
Love this dress! it is super-flattering, and the embroidery is beautiful.
I am going to disagree with reviewers who say this runs small. i found it very short and wide. that being said, it is meant to be cropped. i ordered a size small and it fit perfectly, albeit a little short. for reference, i am usually a size 6/medium in retailer shirts and dresses.
Absolutely gorgeous skirt! so feminine and curve hugging. wish i hadn't found this so late! want it in every imaginable color, but i will settle for the off white.  please bring this style back!
Great style!
This top is great - lightweight and flattering. i can wear it to work with skinny white pants or to the grocery store with jeans.  i purchased another color because i love the first i got so much.
Can be dressed up or down. the top part is tight, while the bottom has a beautiful skirt. i'm slightly busty and about 5'6" and the size 6 is perfect for me.
Love this shirt! i bought the light blue color and its amazing, fits well i love that its long in the back. very comfortable and loose. thinking of buying it in both pinks.
Love this cardigan. fits just as i expected. very structured in the front with a bit of flair in the back.
This is a pretty sweater. i ordered the red and it is a plum color, not close to red, but it will work well with black, gray and denim. i found the sweater looks boxy from the front but the back is spectacular. it is very well made. no raw edges or seams that are threatening to unravel. this will be nice for casual holiday dressing. i found a longer tank in white works well under this.
I bought this tunic in black and am seriously considering buying it in more colors. it is so comfortable and very flattering. i am 5'11", so many tunics are more like shirts on me, but this one is the perfect length to wear with leggings or pants. the v neck is a nice, feminine touch and i love the change in material around the edges.
I am 5 feet and 120. i ordered a petite small in moss. i have posted a photo below. it's a pretty green. the lining is pretty. the reason i deducted a star is because the lining is very thin and "slips" a little when putting the jacket on. but it doesn't effect the way the jacket falls and i wear it comfortably. it's floppy, but not sloppy. i was surprised that each side the fabric is like a tulip. it was a nice surprise. i'm curvy and busty. i have zero problem with it being unflattering. the s
These leggings are soft, comfortable and go with everything. love the way they feel.
I read the reviews prior to purchasing but loved the pattern so much i had to have it. i was not disappointed however, had i not read the reviews i would have been. it is true the top of the dress is flat and does not have the detail as shown on the model. it also appears to be disproportionate. i am 5'1 and curvy the bottom fits well but the top is large however rectified by wearing a padded bra. since i ordered the petite i was surprised the dress was above the ankle (usually their items are l
This is more beautiful in person. i love the detail and color. i usually don't like ponchos but this one's shape with the square front definitely sets this apart.
I rarely write reviews but had to comment on these pants. these pilcro pants are my favorite for the fall and winter. they fit beautifully and are a great alternative to jeans. the pants are so comfortable and flattering. love the print and they are so versatile as they can be worn as very casual pants and can be dressed up. i am in my 60's and am always looking for clothes that are stylish without being too young looking for a woman my age. retailer is my favorite store!
I ordered these in both the grey and moss, and i love both. they are very soft, very easy, loose fitting casual shorts. i wear them a bit lower on my waist than pictured, so they hit lower on my leg than on the model, which i prefer in these. i am 5'3, 105 lbs, ordered xs. the dark grey ones feel more versatile, like you could throw on anything with them and go. the moss look cute with white/cream summery tops. they washed well (machine, cold, laid flat to dry), touched up with light steam from
Love these pants. corduroy leggings that fit like a skinny pant. comfortable. not too stretchy. maintains shape, even with multiple wears between cleaning. pairs nicely with black, neutral, or buttery yellow tops. fun print. received compliments first time i wore them. sizing is just right also. i'm 5'3. usually wear 26 in denim but have to go up a size for super skinny so i ordered a 27p which fits me just fine.
These cords are seriously fantastic. worth the price indeed. they are very comfy, have a lot of stretch but do not loose shape! the fun yet muted color design allows an average outfit to have a fun pop. they do run big, i got a 26 and i'm usually a 27. they are also very long! nothing a little trip to tailors can't fix. overall, highly recommended.
Beautiful pajama bottoms. i purchased these as a special treat for myself. luckily, i found a review on another site, stating that these run small, before pirchasing. no one wants tight pjs. order a size up! also, i'm 5'8" tall and the length is just right. if you are taller, you may find this style too short. i haven't ordered the top, because i'm not sure of the fit, but i'm guessing it also runs small, based on the photo.
I bought this top in my usual size in a small. i'm a 34 d 26 waist. i absolutely love it. i pair it with a red cardigan. very cute.
I love this sweater combo! as a larger woman, i am always looking for flattering tops. the draping in front covers all the right areas! i wish they made them in more colors!
This is a perfect fit! i was worried that it would be too short and or boxy. i usually  wear an xs. i have a slightly longer waist though and often xs tops run short or they are overwhelming! this was perfect! it is roomy and long enough without swallowing my frame. it looks nice enough to dress up and wear out and about. great value at the sale price as well!! it is well made and doesn't just look like a run of the mill pullover.
When i saw this online, i thought it was going to be a thin, summery kind of skirt with a fall pattern to it. it is not thin and wispy, but lined with a nicely weighted navy material and the fabric of the skirt is kind of a thick cotton with a nice swing to it. definitely would work for the fall and cool days or evenings. the zipper pockets look cool too, would definitely recommend!
This is a great skirt that could be worn to a wedding or worn more casually with a cool tshirt. it is not too puffy and the inner skirt is stretchy and more fitted. i had to size 1 size down. really nice.
Wow, i can't believe there were some sizes left at my local store. it was on sale and i maxed out with additional discount for black friday week-end. the size 6 fit perfect and i can't wait to wear. this is a gorgeous skirt and will sell out for sure.
I love the fabric, since it's fall wasn't expecting it to be light. but its not heavy either. just the right balance. this is one of those classics. i love the collage like pattern of the fabric. the fit is true to size and looks great with bootie/boots. (dressed up or down).
This is one of those 'i need one in every color' kind of shirts. need - not simply want. it is very well constructed. the fabric is the perfect weight and is sooooooo comfortable. the raspberry is a little more dusty rose than pictured online, but it works. i've only had the shirt a couple of day. in addition to wanting to wear it every day, the fabric has not pilled. i'm short-waisted, and i have not had any issue with the high-low hem or cropped length.
This was on display when walked into my local retailer, it's just a beautiful in person. my mistake was trying it on, instant love! i tried on my usual size small & it fit perfectly. i would usually wait for something in this price range to go on sale, but i just had to have this. worth the splurge!
These are the best fitting jeans i've ever owned! no puckering near the crotch, and i don't need to have the waistband taken in. they probably run small.
This dress is so beautiful, the color is even more vibrant in person, a stunning emerald green. it is well made and doesn't go too low under your arm, which sometimes happens with halters. the halter material is a thicker band that gives nice support. the skirt does a little poof near your hips at the top, look at the back view photo online, you can see it there. at first i was surprised by it because i didn't see that on the front view, but then i decided it was fun and flirty. i received numer
These pants are perfect!!! they are exactly what i was looking for, and worth every penny! the fabric is more lightweight than any other sort of denim, but still i think i could wear these any season. they look so cute with simple heels and a classic blouse, but they can be dressed down with nice sneakers and a plain white t! so excited to have these in my closet!! love a good pair of fun pants.
This top will be perfect for autumn and even winter down in the southeast. i purchased the "red" and hoped that it was more of a rust color-lucked in! the material is very soft and more on the thinner side for layering-which is alway a plus. i have spare tires in my belly area and this does not grab aholed of them,in fact the stripes do the work and disguise! and the lace up nautical feel brings the attention to my money maker! you won't be disappointed
I ordered this on a whim during retailer days sale and i'm glad i did. it's now one of those shirts that calls my name every morning. i've worn it with denim skinnies and a knee length black knit pencil skirt. so soft and flattering. i got it in the red, but am tempted by the blue!
These pants are 100% true to size (whatever that means anymore...i'm a 26 in paige and ag.  i'm 5''6, weigh around 115, have long legs and i ordered the 0p.  the zero petite are still a little long, with a slight heel they're perfect.  they don't have stretch in them, but do to the fit and fabric...the material does expand, because they're thin and breezy.  i absolutely love them.  can't wait to order other colors of the same style.  these are my new favorite pants.
I ordered this skirt online in a size 8 but returned for a 10 so it could sit a bit lower.  the fabric is so beautiful and a bit heavier so it can be worn all year long. so glad i made this purchase.
Don't pay attention to the less-than-flattering photo. these jeans are super cute and very flattering. they are actually long, not ankle length as the photo implies. high waisted with a 70s bell bottom vibe. nice light denim for year round wear. they fit like a dream.
I got this skirt in the dove grey, which is a lovely shade of light grey and silver. it has one layer underneath that is a sparkly silver netting which is really pretty that you can't see in the photo. the other layer is the grey netting. it has a very soft light grey silky cotton liner. i got the petite xs and it fits just as it should. i'm 5'3, 102. the skirt looks just as it is pictured, i think it can be dressy or dressed down a bit. very very pretty and well made. i'm happy with the purchas
Really loved this - so soft and snuggly. was unsure about ordering shirt size - (s) or jacket size for layering (m). ordered a small. fits perfect! definitely wouldn't have wanted the medium. 5'4, 135 lbs for reference. love this one!!! great find.
Love these jeans! they are the perfect relaxed fit; not too baggy, and a straight style. i did size down, because i wanted to wear them as shown. i was afraid that they would ride too low on my hips. glad i did! i usually wear size 29/6 and took a 28 in this pair. the color and denim weight is also great.
I ordered this dress for my daughter. she wore it to a wedding and it was beautiful. looks just as it does in photo. fabric is a nice weight and hangs great. my daughter had her hair done and look right out of an retailer catalog. well made true to size beautiful dress!!!!!!!
Layered this with a chunky sweater and a pair of kicks. it can be low key or dressed up with a pair of heels, multi-functionality not just occasional. it&#39;s feminine, funky, and fabulous!! i bought the last one in the store!
The colors are richer than shown- very vibrant. this piece is very unique and everthing that i love about retailer! i usually wear a medium in jackets and vest. i tried the small and there was very little difference from the small or the medium fit, so i went a size up, just for a looser look. it is very flattering and will be a great addition to my fall wardrobe!
An interesting design in a high-quality garment.  fits true to size on me and is great for layering.  very soft knit with the drapey attachment and a collar you can adjust to look the way you want. i feel lucky that i got this on sale but i would've gladly paid full price since this is a three season piece.
I bought this tee in all 3 colors, and wish there were more!  fabulous quality, material and style.  can dress up or down; wear with jeans, pants or skirts.  wear alone or layer.  don't miss out on this addition to your wardrobe!
I'm very short and thus not usually into maxi skirts since most of them make me look frumpy, but i ordered this skirt based upon all the great reviews. this skirt is more amazing in person. at first, the material feels a bit stiff and the gold is a lot more shiny in person. but, as usual, moulinette knows how to put things together. when worn, everything comes together, the pleats and the length flow beautifully and the gold shimmers in a subtle way. the skirt runs large (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 h
Sits at waist, length is perfect for petite, quality is very good, looks very nice on me, very recommend
Cute jeans! flattering and slimming. tts. the cut of the top makes my butt look flat, but oh well, they are super comfy. they are not as short on me as they look on the model. i'm 5;9"
Love it! the pants is absolutely beautiful, rich material, it's not your cheap jogger! i am really considering buying a second pair just in case i used my a little to much. fits perfect, i am 5'4" 114lbs and purchase the regular small.
Purchased these jeans in a 27 and i am usually a 28 in skinny jeans. i got the 26's on but they were snug. these jeans are so comfy and sit higher on the waist. great jeans!
I purchased the coral version, and the color is wonderful and vibrant. it fit my daughter beautifully, and she is 5'10". i think she will be wearing this coat often, she loves it!!! she is 23 years old and has a professional job, so she will look the part.
I'm in love, i'm in love.  this dress was gifted to me, because i was gawking at it so often. i love it!!! i am petite, 5'3" 118 pounds and i could do either the small or extra small. the small was a little more comfortable, because the extra small was a bit tight in the arms-but i went with the extra small anyway. in both cases the neckline showed a small amount of tasteful cleavage and i felt like a model with how many people complimented me on it. many people even took the extra step in compl
Very comfortable dress, with a gorgeous pattern. it comes with a self liner in navy that is very smoothing - i was worried a figure hugging sweater knit would be unflattering. cut is perfect. i'm a size 10/12 on top and 12/14 on bottom, and the m was the best fit. the neckline is a deep scoop so if you are not busty it may come down too far for comfort.
I love this skirt. i was happy with the quality of the fabric and style. i originally ordered a small, but returned and exchanged for a medium, which fits great. (i typically wear a size 6-8 in pants). i look forward to wearing this skirt to work this fall.
These are both adorable and practical?they're versatile enough to dress up or down, and they are just warm enough for fall temperatures. these will definitely be my go-to tights this season.
This is an absolutely gorgeous dress that stands out everywhere i go. it runs true to size and has a slimming effect because of the detail running down the sides.
First, i've been in love with this dress for months. when it went on sale i absolutely had to have it! i'm 5'4" and 150 pounds and typically wear large stuff from retailer but after reading other reviews i decided to get the medium. it's more generous than i expected and wonder if i could've even gone with a small. i might try a belt. either way i'm very very happy with the dress. the sleeves are not too long - and i didn't get the petite because i wanted the length in the skirt. the lining makes
The sweater coat is a must try on! it's a great fall to winter coat, that you can leave on all day if you need. i bought the dark green, which is very dark yet gorgeous and have the beautiful coral saved in my cart as well. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, ordered the size small and have plenty of room (did not want it tight and wanted to be able to wear over thick layers).
Just purchased this coral coat today. the color is beautiful. the quality is excellent and the coat itself is lightweight,great for travel. great purchase and would recommend buying. going to new york and can't wait to wear it . love, love this coat
I guess this is a true to size, i am usually a 30dd and ordered 32d, fits great. the back is really pretty, so even though it is a tiny bit looser, i decided to keep it...
Saw this in store in coral color and new i had to try. love. it's the perfect, cozy cute sweater, color is beautiful and fit is great. i am 5 5" 135 lbs and i tried both the small and extra small. i went with the xs for a more flattering fit. i love it.
I really did not need another coat at all, but i couldn't resist. got it in green - it's dark and woodsy,something robin hood and his merry men could wear in the forest to look and feel their most stylish. the structure is just right - this coat is soft, cozy and fluid, but also tailored enough to wear in a business casual environment... equally well-suited to wear on winter eve dog walks, to a football game, or at the coffee shop for a latte at an outside table. works with most of my wardrobe -
It pills a little under the arms and picks up lint, but it's totally worth it. this is a fabulous sweater coat. i receive compliments on it wherever i go. so cozy, warm & delicious. not too hot to wear indoors either. it's breathable. love it. bought in green during black friday sale. highly recommend.
Omg - wish it came in more colors,,
This dress has a beautiful fit; eyed it for awhile--snatched it up at the dress sale! only drawback was the edging around the neck; on some, the cream-patterned fabric was used and it was distracting. hunted around at stores, but ended up getting lucky with online purchase.
Absolutely beautiful. as soon as i saw the color i had to have it. looks great. i am 5 ft 2 in the color is beautiful. excellently made. very comfy. hood is not bulky
I've been a fan of the pilcro chinos for years but the jeans have not been the right fit for me - usually wind up too big in the waist to accommodate the hips. well the em is aptly named as they are made to fit a girl! ! i usually wear a 29 and the 29 fit comfortably and i could probably even go down a size. thank you retailer - please make more in this style!
What a well-designed dress! the cut is a slight a-line without adding bulk and the pattern is very slimming. the lining makes this a pretty good option for cooler weather. the neck is pretty wide, as others have noted, but i find that a heavy cream colored scarf is a pretty good accent. it does run a little large. i'm 5'5"/130lbs and went with the xsp.
I was initially attracted to the colors
I tried this dress on in the store and ended up ordering it online during the dress sale. it is extremely flattering and really accentuates the waist. it is very comfortable, and made of a nice, soft fabric. i am a 34a and it just barely reveals a tiny bit of cleavage so i don't find the neckline too low. i plan to wear it with tights and booties. i am 5' 4" and the regular xs comes to a bit below my knees. going to enjoy wearing this lovely dress!
This is way cuter in person than on model. it is a super soft and fluffy sweater. the colors are so pretty and feminine. i received it as a christmas gift and have already worn it twice. it's perfect with skinny jeans and ugg boots. i vary between xs and small in retailer sweaters. this is a bit boxy so i sized down with the xs and it fits perfect!
I adore this hooded boiled wool sweatercoat in rich, deep green. quality is great aside from the buttons being sawn on very loosely. it's a great outer layer in the warm northern california fall/winter. i'm wearing it today with a short sleeved boiled wool dress in burgundy for pre-christmas eve cocktails and feeling classy, festive, cozy, and warm.
Every year i'm excited when the weather gets cool enough for sweater dresses. i love this one, with the longer length, slimming fit and pattern placement, and cozy soft fabric. delightful, inspires reveries of castles and legends (yes i looked up what "eira" stands for and went with it). highly recommended. fit is generously tts.
I adore this sweater coat! i first bought the green color in my normal size online on a whim mostly due to the positive reviews. i was not disappointed at all! this sweater coat is soft boiled wool.. the green color is a deep forest that looks incredible with black, grays and berry colors.  the fit appears to be magical. it manages to be both roomy and figure flattering, which is tricky with my figure (hourglass). i tend to need a defined waist, but somehow this coat manages to be very slimming
This sweater dress is lovely, quirky and comfortable. because i have broader shoulders, the neckline was perfect on me, although i probably will end up wearing a scarf to keep my neck warm! the dress skims in a very flattering way. at first i was dissapointed it wasn't more formfitting, but it drapes very nicely. (i usually wear a size four in dresses and chose the small in this dress which was best i think.) it has a built in slip that is a bit flimsy, so i will probably wear a long silk one th
Cute and comfortable! i loved the colors and how soft the shirt is!
So different than anything in my closet. it's wide with a beautiful drape. fabric is soft but substantial. it has the cutest coral color lining the placket and inside of the lower sleeves. i sized down to a medium and could have gone to a small but i love the length and drape which might not translate in fit in the smaller size. so cute on.
This jacket is worth every penny! it is light enough to wear when like 55/60 out or good when it is in the 40s with a sweater underneath. the fit and design of the coat is amazing! i love the full collar look - that's my favorite detail of the jacket. loved the green so much, i bought the coral too! i normally wear a 12/14 in clothes and the large was perfect!
I ordered this coat in the "pink" color. actually, it is a coal color (papaya) and will be wonderful with gray, black, khaki, and great with animal print accessories. the fit is just as it looks online, no surprises. this coat is attractive buttoned or unbuttoned. the collar is just as attractive buttoned as unbuttoned. the boiled wool is light weight and has some stretch to it. (much softer than the boiled wool geiger jackets, for anyone who remembers them)  one concern: since the wool is light
Here's the thing: this is a sweatercoat. it's not a coat. it's not something i'll be able to wear independently by the end of november, though i'm enjoying doing so now. it's boiled wool, and not lined, and though it's cozy and warm enough for a morning walk to the train in the high 40s, its role is going to end up being a mid layer. i'm also enjoying wearing it over both dresses and pants at work, serving as a kind of cardigan/blazer combination. i purchased the pink, which i saw online first a
Best jeans ever! it's so hard to find a good petite jean. you shop and shiop and then pay $30 more to get them altered. the fit and length on these are perfect. love, love, love!!!
Received these as a christmas gift from my daughter. just wonderful - warm and cozy and cute. size m is just a tad baggy; i'm sure i could have worn small, but no matter. i wear these often and love them! such a treat!
Every year around this time, our beloved retailer comes out with a wool sweater coat. i've seen every style over the last five years and this year they have outdone themselves!!! this coat is a dream. not too thin and not too thick...it's the perfect layering piece. the fabric has perfect stretch in it. the colors are lovely (i ended up with the cream color, but i loved the green too!!) in many sweater coats i prefer an xl, but because of the stretch the l was just perfect. i'm 5'8 and it hits wel
I tried on this sweater in the store and immediately ordered my size. i got the petite small in natural delivered to my door several days later and am extremely pleased. the fit is roomy enough to layer, but not too large or boxy. the wool is fluffy and luxurious and has terrific appeal. i get compliments every time i wear it..."classic," "fancy," "jackie o." are all terms i heard used to describe my favorite new sweater. the coat is made from a medium weight wool and is probably not meant for e
Super soft and comfortable. runs a little large. very cozy.
Wear the collar down & it favors grace kelly. pull it up and it's an oversized hood. this lightweight cozy piece combines everything i love about a sweater & a coat in one.
Warn and super soft. love it !
Love the high waist, prewashed softness, and relaxed fit. i normally wear a 27 in pilcro but sized down to a 26. for the first time in ages i have a pair of jeans that won's slide down because of the high waistline. i would never tuck anything in so it doesn't matter that it's high waisted but i don't have to worry about them sliding down over my muffin top. worth every penny.
I saw this and tried to wait for it to go on sale, but it sold so fast, i wanted the black and i check everyday until they had my size, i love this coat main because of the wait it goes around the neck since i am not a scarf person, this is very cute, im glad i got it, even at the full price.
These joggers are gorgeous--you can even dress them up! the quality and softness is amazing and very expensive looking. the fit is perfect not to mention the fact that they are very flattering. really, i knew the minute i saw them, i would love them. but, i do have to say that the lovely model wearing them ---the model with the wine colored shirt and the awesome red bag (i bought that too!!!)and that big smile sold me!. many thanks to retailer--personal stylists carolyn and blair. always so helpfu
I love sweater knit dresses and this the first one i've owned with a flare style that works. pattern placement is gorgeously done and is very slimming in a non-obvious way. i think the fabric is soft and warm. i wish the scoop neckline was a tad bit higher from a modesty standpoint. you may want to size down if you're not busty. i am 5'3" and m petite was the perfect length on me. shout out to the reno distribution center for getting this amazing dress to me in 1.5 days?!?!?!!!
I have this wonderful sweater coat in three sizes (s,sp,m) in the coral, green
Oh my goodness! i just received this coat tonight. i love it! it is beautiful and stylish. i got the green which is amazing. i'm 5'2" - weigh 115. ordered both s and xs. i'm keeping the s - more room in case a heavier sweater. get this! it's a classic! you will smile!
I wasn't sure what to expect with these pants. i couldn't figure out from the pictures what the material would actually be like. is it jersey? is it french terry? is it more traditional sweatshirt-type material? nope, turns out, they're like wearing pants made out of a fuzzy, flecked sweater. or like the thickest, loosest sweater-knit tights ever. surprise! they are the strangest pants i've ever owned, for sure, but i actually really like them. they're super comfortable and cozy warm. slightly i
This dress hung so nicely on my figure (small up top, bigger in the hips) that i couldn't pass it up. the lines are more flattering in person than in the photos. it might run a little small...i'm normally an extra small, but it was a little snug in the arms. however, the small was too big, so i would suggest sticking with your usual size. the saleslady said would stretch a little. i would have loved to try a petite, but the store didn't carry petite sizes. it will be my go-to holiday dress.
Love this as a lightweight coat for cool to cold days. i love the squishy soft feel of the material. it works well with sweaters. love the deep pockets which works with my iphone plus and wallet. i love how simple and practical this coat is. the hood when not used as a hood makes a nice collar for the neck and head.
I have broader shoulders and thick arms, this dress does an amazing job slimming my arms and not making me appear top heavy! i'm 5'4 125 lbs, the xs fit perfectly
This bra is so well made and fits beautifully.
Snapped this sweet puppy up at my local retailer-in the sale room!!!!! it is beyond fabulous and the coral color is divine!!!! brightens up the drearriest of days-i did size down. i am short and the small sleeves were way too long on my 5ft3in frame. it runs a bit large but if you were to wear a heavier something under it i could see getting your "normal" size. the quality is great and the style is just lovely. great jacket-love love love
Love this coat - great fall piece! i bought the green color and it looks as shown in the picture. great retailer purchase!
I bought it to mainly wear as a coat but i think it'd be great with some leggings and boots as well. if you want a more structured look go a size smaller. i plan on wearing this more as outer wear so i went with large. the coral is beautiful
At first, i thought this sweater might be too boxy, but fastened at the waist, it's very flattering and the collar is face-framing, and the coral in particular (really more of a mango sorbet shade) is unexpected but cheery for winter.  but the big selling point is the warmth and the giant pockets. brought a new puppy home just after christmas, and this sweater is perfect for layering for late- night trips out with an easy place to stash my phone and treats. bought it in coral and pink.
I love this dress. will be wearing it for the first time tomorrow. it fits well. the neck line is a bit low on me. i think it would look best on someone with more of a chest than i have. i will be wearing a winter white infinity scarf with it (as shown on model). i am 5' 6.5" and 120 lbs and the small is just right.
Love this sweater jacket! super comfortable and warm. i am 5'2 and i got a xs petite. it fit perfectly both in length and in the sleeve. the green color is super rich and is perfect for the season. it's easy to wear it up and wear it down. i appreciate that it's not super bulky, which was what i was afraid of. my favorite jacket of the season so far.
Purchased this sweater in the blue color which is a gray/blue. it runs large as the xs is still quite roomy on me in the body. although the arms are more snug. great quality.
I bought this as a birthday gift for my daughter, and i am so glad i did. the colors are beautiful, and the material is so soft. i'm sure she's going to love it!
I fell in love with this top (sweater) before it could even be ordered - was on model for pants that were available to order. in any case, i later ordered the blue motif online and the colors are even more beautiful in person. the blue also contains fibers of wine - so very pretty. the gray is a soft shade. the quality is lovely too. the only cons are that the seater is rather heavy, but should be great for colder winter months and the zipper on the back is quite conspicuous. however, that said,
Love the feminine styling of a classic tunic tee! i'll wear it with black leggings this fall. super cute to wear casually or dress up a bit with some jewelry and/or a scarf.
This top is full of amazing details. the photos really don't do it justice. it is very flowy and does run large but is so pretty and soft and in beautiful shades of blue. i bought a small and it is fairly long in back on my 5'5" frame but because of the detailing...it just works.
Unlike the first three reviews, i loved this sweater. the colors were beautiful and i paired it with green cords. i did not find the sweater to be itchy but very comfortable. fits trus to size.
Great fit even for busty women. ordered an 8 because i usually need the room in the chest area on dresses.(36d-dd) fit nicely without being tight. might have been able to size down but i didn't want to risk being too tight. flattering especially on curves. nice for contemporary office or special occasion. if you like his designs, you won't be disappointed!
Love this top, purchased it in the coral color now i'm definitely wanting it in the blue since it is such a great blouse for transitioning into fall. the weight of the top it good since i live in south texas so definitely needing lightweight long sleeves for our weather. i'm sure when the time comes adding a long cardigan or blazer over it as needed for the cooler weather it will look great. fit true to size.
Absolutely love this suit. the bottoms are very comfortable and covers everything id like it to. it does not ride up at all, which almost never happens with swim suits. i'm going to order this in a different color next season. i paired the bottoms with the peplum top and received many compliments.
I just love this dress.  took me ordering a number of sizes- petite and regular to find the best fit.  i might still have the top altered.  i received a lot of compliements.  work it with some black leather wedges for daytime/work.
I got the purple color and absolutely love it. i am 5'2" but decided against the petite size and i wanted it to be a bit longer. i also went with the xxs as the xs was a bit too loose on the arm. it was definitely a splurge to buy the sweater but it looked so lovely!
Love the color! very soft. unique look. can't wait to wear it this fall
I love this sweater.  i am 5' 1" and tried on the petite in the store but ended up going with the regular size as i preferred the length.  the overall fit was the same.  i bought the blue which to me is the colour shown here, more a grey and purplish colour, beautiful for fall and much nicer than a straight blue.  i have worn it to work several times and always get a compliment.  this sweater is nice for all ages, it is soft, comfortable and versatile.  it might just be my go to fall sweater.
I have the blue color of this top and i love the color variation throughout. it looks very unique and it is going to be a great piece for late summer/early fall. the pleated look on the upper chest is very flattering and adds texture to the top. i am pleased with my purchase!
This sweater is perfect for transitioning into fall as it is not too heavy. it's flattering and looks great with jeans.
I'm an xl but ended up buying this in a size large. i am very pleased with the interesting cable pattern that runs down the front. i also really like that this is cotton, and even though it is heavy and substantial, the thread gauge is a fine weight. while this says i can hand wash the sweater, i'm reluctant to because i'm worried that hand washing will end up stretching the sweater out of shape. i don't care for the heavy gold zipper running down from the neck, but my hair hides that. overall,
I got the pink version to layer with spring clothes. i always wear a medium, but sized down to a small based on the other review. the seams are very flattering. the material is very soft. on sale, the price is reasonable.
I love this shirt so much i am ordering the coral too! the weight of the material makes it hang nicely. there is a lot of material but it lends itself to the flowy style. i got many compliments of this top!
This sweater is perfect! finally a sweater that doesn't make me look like a huge box!  i bought the blue & it has other colors running through it so i'll be able to wear it with chinos & jeans. very pretty, flattering & i think i'm going to be wearing this a lot.
True to size for petite person; bought in blue - subtle shading, looks great; paired with your blue straight leg blue "jeans"; perfect outfit for almost all occasions.
Spotted this beauty in my local store - hanging (grrr) which made it stretch out. note that it's made of linen, cotton, and acrylic, so it's not heavy, it's weighty. anyways, it seemed to run large just due to gravity, so i ended up ordering it so it wasn't all stretched out. it's got a beautiful a-line cut - perfect for us bottom-heavy gals. love the colored thread woven throughout. worth the extra $.
Okay this shirt is soooo comf. it is super fun and flowy. but it runs large. get one size smaller than you would usually get! so worth the sale price!!!
Cute and comfy shirt! tts- got my usual m (i'm a 10) and it has a generous fit but i think it's supposed to. it's actually a silver grey color.
I would highly recommend this top. i usually wear a small petite. but returned the top for an xs petite which fit perfectly. there is a lot of fabric, but if you size down it wasn't an issue for me. i weigh 120lbs and am 5 feet tall. also, i'm busty, 34 d. which worried me with this type of top. not a problem. i will wear a blazer or leather short jacket with this. i am very picky and i was happy with the quality. the fabric is not heavy. it's a fantastic purchase!
I loved this but hesitated to order since i'm petite and busty and assumed it would be an awful mess in the chest area (too tight, gaping etc) but it is great!!! it fits perfectly! there is plenty of room in the chest and the dress is not too long! i ordered a pm and its wonderful. the dress is not see through at all. love it!!!!!
I just saw this vintage style blouse at my local store and tried it and think this blouse is amazingly beautiful! it's actually very well made and a tad heftier than i imagined from the picture. there's different strips of gorgeous lace all over including that amazing lace at the collar and bib, the arm holes are just perfect in my regular size small (34d-27-35) so it runs tts and i didn't find this overly blousy myself though that's just part of its charm. you'll need an undershirt or something
I love this top. the quality is excellent. the blouse is lined and falls nicely.. i like to wear it with a pair of dark gray jeans. the color is described as "orange", but it really has more of a bronze tone. looks very rich and exotic. it's perfect top when you want to wear jeans, but want to dress it up a bit.
This swimsuit completely exceeded my expectations!  i'm 5'2", 140 lbs with an athletic build, and the cut of this swimsuit is ultra slimming! with the way the top wraps it makes my torso look much longer and leaner than it actually is :) i bought the top in a small and the matching bottoms in medium.   the material is thick, high quality, and the colors are exactly the way they appear online.  the top is reversible and the alternate side is teal and nude. i feel like i got 4 tops in one sinc
As soon as i saw this dress, i knew i had to have it. i just tried it on and it is beautiful. i feel gorgeous and glamorous! i can't wait to wear this to a special event as it truly deserves that attention.  the silk is soft and the slip underneath is perfect. the tie in the back perfectly cinches the dress and the pleating is a wonderful detail to the look.  i am 5'0", 110, and i purchased the small petite. it's slightly big around the armholes and it kind of poofs / puckers out so i'm going to
I love how soft and cozy this sweater is. the addition of some cashmere in the yarn makes all the difference. the red color is beautiful also, perfect for the holidays. flattering cut in the back (it dips down to cover your bum) and the pointelle details are very pretty. fit was tts
This top is such a great investment piece. looks classy and is comfortable all at the same time. it is pricey but you will not regret buying this. goes great with light trouser denim or i have the green pilcro khakis. it will he something you will keep in your closet for a long time.
I always end up walking out of an retailer store with something very different than what i thought and this was one. it drapes beautifully and the red color is rich and vibrant, cool tone not orangey. i fell in love with this one in person. it jumped at me in the store, but online i think the outfit that the model is wearing is not my style at all and does not do the item justice. if you like to cover your assets, you will love it.
I live in south florida so i'm always looking for sundresses that will be flattering (but not too clingy or hot), and that i can take from day to evening with accessories. when i pulled this out of the box and walked around in it, it met all my criteria, and as an added bonus, my husband said, "wow! you look great! where'd you get that dress?" i'm shocked because as an earlier reviewer said, this dress doesn't seem like much - it's not even lined. but it's comfy, flattering (in all the right pla
This shirt fits very true to size, with very soft and comfortable material that hangs just right. wears well and is versatile for many occasions. please come out with more colors so i can purchase them as well!
I saw this dress on line and knew i wanted it for the spring/summer season. i ordered it almost immediately and i am so glad i did. the photo on the website doesn't do it justice, there are a lot of pretty pastel colors in the paisley pattern that you just can't see on the computer screen. the wrap styling is a very flattering cut for most figures especially hourglass figures like mine and the dress fit's tts (for reference i am 5'9" and a 36ddd). the silk material is very light and flowy and wi
Great that it's hand washable because i hate the smell of dry cleaned garmets.
I love the style and quality of this blouse. it can easily be dressed up or down. the blouse is completely see through and delicate. still, it is so romantic, feminine, distinctive and timeless.
Comfortable and great fit and color. high quality.
I haven't worn a halter dress in ages and saw this one and wanted to get it, hoping that it'll fit me.   i love the swing skirt and the halter. this dress can be easily dressed up or down depending on your mood. there is a side zipper.   i got s p and it hits me exactly like the dress on the model. it is unlined but with the color of the dress, i don't mind it.
Bought this blouse to wear with high wasted jeans and pants. it lays beautifully and can be dressed up or down. it's somewhat sheer, but i don't plan on wearing a cami under it. perfect for work or going out.
I definitely recommend this shirt. it's lights and airy, something you can wear everyday.
This top is really cute and true to size. i like the color and the nice details.
I'm 5' 0" and 120 pounds. this top is beautiful. it's high neck is so flattering. a nice switch it up for us gals that are older and like neck coverage sometimes. i purchased a small and it is a little longer, but since it has elastic at the waist it's no problem. i will tuck it in my jeans and skirts. the arm holes are perfect. the as far as it being a lot of blouse, i didn't find that at all. but i am busty, 34c or d depending on brand of bra. the color is ivory. omits completely sheer, no lin
Tried this blouse on in the store and fell in love with this top. i went down one size since i am a true petite. they were sold out of the petite small, but the regular x-small fit perfect. it is a little short so it's perfect for shorter people,
These joggers are soo cute. they fit great!! i seriously love them!! i have worn them so often i may have to ban myself from them for a week. i am 5'4 and the length was perfect for a jogger pant. i got an xs because the small looked too baggy.  the xs loosened up a little after wearing them and are perfect.
I bought these in the olive green, in the store and will be ordering the gray pair online. i am 5' 9" and 145 lbs, long legs and these are beyond adorable. some people mentioned that they stretched out? i did not find this to be true. what i do know is they can be dressed up or dressed down. they are flattering and perfect for the spring/summer. i would highly recommend and would/will purchase in every color. well done retailer!! one of my most favorite purchases so far this spring.
I was so impressed with the style & boning on the sides for the perfect fit! it's truly a classic staple in your closet for that lbd!!
I was surprised how soft and comfy the fabric is on this top. when i tried it on, i didn't want to take it off! it's a little bigger than i would like - i got a small, and am usually between xs and s. may have sized down if the top were available.but the fit and cut are flattering.
I usually wear a size 8/10 and i needed a large in this skirt. it flows so beautifully!
I love this little number. the quality is terrific, the weight is perfect, and the cut is superb. i love the way it fits and looks in the arms. i ordered my usual xxsp and it is perfect. i like that it is cool and flowy, without looking like maternity attire. i have the bright turquoise and i am going to order another. i was about to order what looks like a yellow one, but i noticed the color is labeled "chartreuse". can anyone tell me if this is more yellow or green in "real life"?
One of 3 pair of leggings ordered and the only pair to fit properly! size l was perfect for me. they stretched nicely going on and the beautiful floral design on the legs didn't get distorted or faded looking from the stretch. wearing these makes me happy :)
These leggings are beautiful! so unusual and colorful, comfortable, and flattering. they fit true-to-size with enough stretch to move with you yet retain their shape. the fabric is a bit lighter-weight than ponte but heavy enough to be completely opaque. i would definitely recommend these beautiful leggings to anyone who doesn't mind attracting a little (envious?) attention.
I totally love this tank! the yoke detailing is so pretty! i read the other reviews...i feel it fits pretty tts, it's what i expected. i have already worn it several times since it arrived in the mail. i love it so much, i'm ordering it in the turquoise color as well. every time i have worn it, i have received compliments. i've worn it alone with shorts and/or jeans, as well as with a cardigan and dress pants for work. it's soft, comfortable and to echo what another review stated, the material s
Gorgeous cobalt blue color!!!  usually s/m- bought the small (because of larger armholes).  so glad i snatched this one up on sale!  the detail on the top is amazing.
I adore these little joggers. i was immediately drawn to the color (army green) and the little details. i carry all my weight on bottom, so i don't often wear many retailer bottoms (i'm usually a 16). i tried the xl on just to see how they would work and i was pleasantly surprised! they are absolutely perfect. they fit a little baggy, as joggers do, and go with just about everything! mine did loosen a tad, but not like the previous reviewer. i highly recommend these! can't wait to wear these throu
Love this tank. it has an easy fit that hides my post baby belly with out looking to wide.
I love this blouse. the lace panels are slightly sheer, but nothing inappropriate. the solid fabric is a lovely sort of heavy crepe. stunning bright cobalt blue color. i'm an xl in retailer and this top fit well in xl; ever so slightly snug at one part on the sleeve but nothing noticeable or uncomfortable. be aware, this did bleed blue when it was soaking and it did drip blue water while it was air drying on the hanger. while this blouse is still wet i would stretch out the sides and sleeves to ge
I wanted a casual, denim colored skirt for warmer weather without the denim weight  and this skirt fit my needs perfectly.  i'm 5'4, 117lbs and the xs fits me true to size, hitting about 1 1/2 inches above the knee. it's a more modest length for daytime but it definitely needs a slip underneath. the raw edge is subtle (no hanging threads) and unique. i can't speak to the lack of colorfastness but i washed it separately and will be mindful of the possibility .
I love this top!! the detail on front top of the top is so cute. the length is just right. i hesitated because of the unusual armhole shape but they are really not an issue. also, thanks for finding the top as it wasn't available at distribution center, went of your way!!
These leggings are beautiful and different. the material is very stretchy, sort of a spandex feel. panty lines definitely show in the back. i found they run true to size; i wear a size 6/medium/28 in pants or jeans and the size medium fit me great.
Great lightweight summer top that's bra friendly.  i bought the teal color yesterday and wore it today with white skinnies.    i'm sometimes a small and sometimes a medium and was fine with the small on this one
This is not something i would normal wear but the beauty of the fabric made just give it a try. i am so glad i did. the fit is beautiful slimming feminine fit with just enough flow. i love it and bought it right away. you better get it before it's gone. also it is true to size, i have along torso so sometimes i have issues with jumpers but not this one.
These undergarments are comfortable, streamlined, and well made. this bra holds up well without wires. i am a 34b and wear a small. it is a bit tight at first, but form fits after one wear. . after trying one bra and i ordered 4 more. then i researched the brand and bought camis to match. i love how all the colors and styles are interchangeable.
I tried this jumpsuit on in the store and loved it but decided to wait on purchasing it. after it went on sale i jumped on it because i new i would regret not buying it.   i am tall but most of my height is from my long legs, not in my torso. i seldom find jumpsuits that fit my frame but his one fits perfectly. the fabric is very "flowey" and does not wrinkle. the overall design of this jumpsuit is slightly but not overly baggy. the pattern and pleating make it a perfect item for spring and su
I love this jumpsuit and definitely feel too confident in it! the fabric is a great weight- flowy, but still substantial enough. with nude undergarments, i can't see anything. in fact, that is one of the things i love; no special undergarments are required, so it is very comfortable and still very flattering. i typically wear a medium- 135 pounds, 5'4", 34b, 28 waist, 40 hip. i tried the small after seeing some reviews that it ran big. i would have bought it, but the salesperson suggested i try
Runs large in arm holes. have to wear bandeau. love this print and flow of dress. loose but still flattering due to arms and shoulders . love the overall look. midi length for this 5'6.5" gal. size s worked best -36c-125lbs
I love this dress. it is so soft and comfortable, perfect for summer!! i wish it came in more colors because i would buy everyone!!
This is the perfect bralette for comfort; it's soft and fits to form really quickly. i wear a b cup, and it's enough support for me to wear daily doing everything other than heavy exercise. now, at 5 months pregnant it's pretty much perfect to sleep in too. i'm at 35 band, and i'm still wearing it on the loosest closure, but it fits perfectly there for me.
This dress looks better in person. nice navy with subtle pattern - looks super cute with a really lightweat pale yellow sweater! i thought that wiastband area would hit in a funky spot (my problem area) but it doesnt and looks great. super comfortable and i love this neckline. also has a decent lining so no bra necessary if youre cool with that. i have packed on some "after 50" lbs and wear a 12-14 shirt and 10-12 pant and the large is roomy enough.i received a number of compliments and let's fa
I received this dress as a gift and it has become such a great addition to my wardrobe! i love that i can wear it to work and then out with friends. a great value if you're looking for one special piece that you can get miles out of - you can wear the two pieces separate or together. i love floral and felt this non traditional take on a floral was very refreshing.
Simply awesome. wonderful fit and flatters any body type. looks great booties, flats, or flip flops. must have ...
Although it may not look like it takes on a shape - what a wonderfully flattering jumper. was intrigued from seeing it in the catalog and had to try it on in the store -- i was unsure how the middle would appear. but it fit, wonderfully feminine, looking forward to the summer.
I loooove this. my favorite retailer purchase in a while and i buy frequently. ran out of s p while in my basket (there are never enough petites available) so i got the medium. it is big but with this style i can pull it off. it does run a bit large so a s would have been perfect. please make this in more colors/fabrics! i would buy them all!
This is such a pretty dress. light and flowy. i got it to wear on hot summer days.
I love these pants. i have them in navy and carbon. the navy color seems to run bigger than the carbon. they are very loose like a boyfriend pant in navy. they loosen up as the day goes on as well. super comfy and great for running errands and taking my little one to the park. i can look cute and feel comfy and i can give my yoga pants a break.
Was so thrilled to receive my dress in the mail. its just what i was looking for, for my staple summer dress. i love how i can wear it with or without the sweater top, and even can pair just the sweater top with my high-waisted shorts!
I tried this on in the store in a regular medium and the size was fine, just the length. fortunately retailer will ship for free if you need a petite! i'm so excited to get this. i'm 5'1 and a bit busty, and the medium fit perfect. its very flattering and so comfortable! perfect for a hot summer day. or as the cute clerk in the store had it styled with a cropped jean jacket and a fun necklace. the styling idea's are endless. i'm waiting by the mailbox for it to arrive!
Perfect for the summer weddings that i am attending. i am 5-1, 119#, 32dd and usually a sp. i tried on a regular s and xs in the store, and the s was huge. i ended up ordering the regular xs instead of the petite xs when the 20% off sale hit because i liked the extra length. great bra coverage...it is not too long at the armholes, or too low in the back. i will take it up a bit in the top seams just so it doesn't have quite so much decolletage, but it is wearable as is. this is much more of a ro
A sales associate found this for me at my local retailer. i probably would have never thought to try it on. i am 5'1'' and normally a size 8 or a medium. the size small was still too large, so i ordered a size small petite. it fits perfectly, looks adorable on, and is so comfortable. i can't wait for the warm weather to wear it!
I'm very picky about jumpers, and this one is abolutely perfect! i love how it looks like a dress at first glance. it runs a little big because of the oversized fit it is supposed to have, i sized down because of the armpit area. nude garments and you'll be fine. this is going to sell out fast, don't wait for it to go on sale! (seriously my store is already out of xs's)
Nice flowing summer sun dress. i was looking for something very simple and put a colorful kimono over. it. i put a bando under it. i think this dress can be for all ages as my friend in her 20s bought and loves this dress as well.
This jumpsuit is the epitome of what i love about retailer! unique and absolutely beautiful. i love how it flows and on my petite frame when paired with heels makes me look taller. hopefully the designs for spring/summer are just as beautiful and comfortable as this piece. i plan to rock this with a cute belt and a bolo jacket.
I loved this dress from the moment i saw it! i ordered it immediately, after reading the reviews, and felt confident in my dress size choice...but when it arrived it was big! i am 5'7" 140lbs with an athletic build and i usually wear a 6 or 8 in dresses, so usually a small but sometimes a medium...because if this "in between" that i am, i ordered a small...and it was really too big. so sad...incalled a bunch of stores to try and find an xs but they are sold out everywhere. style is fun and flir
This dress is great. it appears just as it does online. its soft, flowy and a thin chambray material. the straps are adjustable which makes it a good fit for all women. i am fuller in my hips and toosh and this dress fell beautifully over them. i tried a large (i normally do l or xl in retailer dresses) and there was plenty of room! i would have probably liked the xl more just because i prefer things oversized. the dress is a midi length, very breezy and airy. its extremely comfortable and very fl
I was worried at first that the metal leaves would come off easily. i was pleasantly surprised after a day at disneyland, i don't think i lost even one of them. this dress is super fancy but very comfy.
These jeans have been the best pair of jeans i have ever worn. you could practically sleep in them, they are so comfortable, brushed softness, and stretch easily. they hug your body in a flattering way, that these jeans are worth the money spent, as you'll have them for a while.
I'd been eyeing this for months, loving the look but afraid it'd be too young for me (i'm 58). i tried it on in the store and loved it, with one caveat: it hangs rather like a sack, so i think it needs a belt for waist definition. with a belt, it looks great. my measurements are 38-30-38 and i wear a medium. oh, and contrary to what other reviewers have said, i don't find that the fabric is too thin or transparent.
Great fit. smooth, comfortable material. wrinkles, but nothing an iron can't fix. beautiful colors, i got both the teal and the black.
I tried this on in the store last night and decided to order it today. it is a really beautifully made and flattering dress, with very interestingly cut seams. the fabric is a distinctive flower pattern that has been overlaid to appear almost abstract. gorgeous and high quality!  fit: i am 5'6" and curvy, usually a size 14/16, and the xl fits quite roomy on me (that's the size i ordered because i like flowy things). so it definitely runs large. usually i have better luck with a-line dress shap
I bought this dress for its green color and flowy design to wear at an irish fest held in the hot summer. it's perfect! being of irish descent with red hair and fair skin, i love all shades of green, and this green dress is no exception. the color is lovely and eye-catching and cool. as to the sizing, i usually wear a size 8, but to make sure due to the design, i ordered an 8 and a 6. there wasn't a great difference between the two dresses, but the size 6 top was a bit more fitted and looked bet
I just bought this at the store. i simply couldn't resist! it is very light and comfortable and could easily be dressed up or dressed down, sandals and a crossbody bag for exploring the city, strappy healed sandals and some flashy jewelry for a garden party or day event, slip on booties and a cardigan for the evening. can't wait to rock it. in terms of sizing, i am 5'5 150 with 36dd bust and some hips and booty. usually i am a size 6-8/m in dresses and pants but in true retailer style, i ended up
Great jumpsuit ! even better "in person"; elegant and stylish. i'am 5'7 and 165lb , m fits perfectly! material is not see- throug ( that was my biggest concern). sooo happy that i got it.
I purchased this in the mauve color. beautiful color with tan skin for the summer, but also perfect for fall. the material is very thin but not sheer at all. has quite a bit of drape/swing to it so i sized up to make sure it was long enough. it fits me like it fits the model shown here. i am about 5'4" 115lbs and 32b and am keeping the small.
I originally ordered this in green, and unlike another reviewer, i thought the color was perfect for spring. it is trendy, flattering and fun in green, but perhaps not a color i would wear long-term, so i decided to return it and order it in red and black. i also noted the boxy cut, and if that is what you want, it runs true to size. however, if, like me, you want something a little more form fitting, consider ordering down a size or two (depending on your chest size,) and just carefully shimmy
I tried these on at my local retailer, and was like, no way am i spending almost $300 on a pair of jeans. alas, i could not stop thinking about them. the pictures really don't do them justice. they are a more substantial jean, have a distressed look, without being fragile. and yet they are so soft, so comfortable, you really just don't want to take them off. they do have a bit of stretch, but hold their shape all day long. the length and taper are perfect, in that you can wear them with boots, san
I love this dress, i disagree with the review saying it was too sheer. this is a thicker material and doesnt need a slip, it is beautiful and is so comfy. it looks good with heels or sandals. i definately recommend this dress, it would look good on any body type.
This top is cute and could be worn to work or casually. being tall, i love how long this shirt is! definitely recommend!
I purchased the gorgeous green color. i love that i can wear this with leggings and sandals in warm weather or boots and scarves when it's cooler outside. the best thing is that it has pockets to slip my phone in! the color is very flattering and i get lots of compliments when i wear it!
I bought the blue pattern and really have found this print to be very fun and flattering and the tunic style great for work and play. highly recommend!!!
This is a beautiful sweater -- soft, lovely color and easy to wear. the current photo is more true to the length. i am 5'2" and 128 pounds and ordered the regular sm and it fits just below my hips.
Like other reviewers i was hesitant to spend this much on a pair of jeans. however, i purchased them at  20% off on retailer day and...honestly...they look so good i probably would have paid full price. these jeans are fresh!
After reading the reviews, i ordered this dress in an xs and sp. i'm 5' 3" and 120 lbs. the xs was too long and too big on the bottom while being too tight in the chest. the sp fits perfectly. i'm wearing this to a wedding and know that i will get lots of use out of it for many different occasions.
I always look for things to hide "parts" without making my "parts" look even more pronounced. this top is much cuter in person than online. it has floral edging around the neck and lace up area i didn't notice. the length is perfect, the sleeve length is perfect and it makes me feel thin (even though it has stripes!). perfect spring summer top.
This shirt is easy, breezy, comfy, and stylish - everything i want as a busy mom. all the patterns are beautiful it i went with the blue motif as well as the floral print because they felt fun and easy to wear with jeans or white pants. this definitely fit a full size large for me. i tried my usual s plus xs thinking the shoulders might be too tight, but the xs was perfect. happy to have this beauty in the rotation!
This is my first pair of realllly expensive jeans, and they were worth every penny. i love the fit, the distressing, everything about them. they make me feel like i look amazing, which is what good jeans should do! i wear a 31 in pilcro jeans, but based on some reviews went up to a 32 in these and they are perfect. also, i'm 5'6 but the crop length hits at my ankle, which is perfect.
Shortened it to knee length and it was perfect. material is soft. comfortable to wear. can be paired with wedges or pumps or flats. fits true to size.
This shirt is just so easy breezy! i got the blue motif and love the pattern. the top is loose but it's supposed to fit that way. i have a feeling this will be my go to for the spring summer! i'm about 136lbs and ordered a small.
If there ever was the perfect feminine dress, this would be it .
I'm small (4'11, 98 pounds and 34a) so the regular xs looks like a baby doll dress on me.  i just wear the tunic with a tank top underneath (or i can wear the tunic by itself) and leggings plus a pair of boots.  the top part is slightly baggy so if you want tight fitting, is size down to xxs.  i got the yellow flower and white + grey one and plan to get the navy one soon.  the quality is good and you can machine wash it with cold water.  i plan to use a tide sweater garment bag to wash it (i put
I initially purchased this shirt in the grey motif color, size l (my usual size, i'm 5'8" size 14). unfortunately i found the shirt very roomy, but loved the pattern and style. so i ordered a medium and much to my surprise it fit much better. i'm very happy with my purchase.
I bought the dress in black. it is very elegant with a fun flare, suits my taste. it does run a size too small like other reviewer mentioned. the material has no give at all. i couldn't breathe in my regular size. one size up fits like a glove. it is a perfect party dress to show your free and fun spirit!
I agree with the previous comments. the vest runs a little large, so you can easily size down for a more form-fitting fit. it is so soft and the colors are lovely ... will be a welcome addition when the weather turns a little cooler. i am so glad i purchased this vest!
Fit great - maybe a bit large....i bought a l (typically i go between a large and extra large) and there is room to put a thick sweater on underneath it.  this goes with just about everything!
I just bought this top yesterday in the yellow. i can't wait until it warms up a little more to wear it. it's very comfortable and very cute. i did have to size down. i may get one of the other prints as well.
I ordered the yellow/floral version in size xl. it fits me just as shown with the model so it's true to size. it's very comfortable and made well. the floral looks the same in person as in the photos too.
I love this dress!! it has a beautiful european flair, and more beautiful in person. i don't agree with the other reviewers that its see through-the fabric is a good quality, and thicker than you would think. the variable length is the best part of the dress. the color looks beautiful with a tan summer glow!
Got the flower print and it is really a nice top. covers the butt!. i normally need a xl, but in this top i got a large.
I have received so many compliments on this top. it really looks exactly like it does on the model, and i'm not as thin as she is. i am 5'5" and 134 lbs,, small on top, and bought the small in this top. the v-neck is very flattering and is hangs so nicely that it does not make me look hippy. looks great from all views. i paired it with white pencil pants and wedge heels. also, the black lace detail down the sides looked great when i paired it with black yoga pants and flip flops. the colors are
Perfect party dress - well constructed, bra hidden at arms and on top, what more can you ask for? i felt like betty draper the moment i put it on. i'm normally a 6, but the 4 (while fitted) looked amazing and didn't pull.
I love this shirt! it hides my tummy perfectly without being too baggy! super cute!!
I bought the tangerine version of this dress for my brother's summer wedding in the south, and i can't wait to wear it. cotton material has a touch almost like linen, but not rough. nice and hearty fabric. tangerine color is beautiful, more salmon than coral. wearing it with a little shoulder shrug and the laika inca shoes?the shoes aren't on the retailer site anymore, but i found them at my local store. just perfect.
I purchased this top in white. it is see through so i wear a tank or cami underneath. i usually wear xs or s in retailer tops and in this one, i purchased the xs, but wish i had bought a s. the problem is the top is just small enough to pull slightly between the top two buttons. for reference, i am 5'6, weigh 128 lbs, 34b bra size, 28 jean size, and small boned. i currently carry most of my weight in my hips and waist. my normal weight is 110-112 lbs and i add this to point out that i am out of sh
Picture definitely does not do this vest justice.  i saw it on a rack and had to try on and instantly loved the look and feel.  i am 5'9" - 135 lbs - size 6 and the small works for me.  the vest will work with ivory, black, grey, and red underneath.  i love the little bits of fur sticking out of the seams.  the back has fitted seams to give it a trim look.  there are small pockets in the front as well.  definitely worth the 108$ asking price.
I purchased this in 2 colors. the black which is really actually a dark grey( no complaints) and the cream with black print version. i have worn both at least once a week and receive compliments everytime! looks great with skinny pants or jeans. great alone or layered with a jacket or cardigan. does run on the looser side fyi
This is my favorite dress i have ever purchased. as a 6' tall woman, it's hard to find flattering dresses that are long enough for my legs. this dress is classic, comfortable, and truly flattering. i love the blush color and did not have the issues that other people listed for the color being see-through. i can't get enough of this style...i'll be buying it in black too...ooopss :)
Bought this top in white and blue motif. it fits me great and looks adorable. the only comment is that the holes for the buttons are a little too big but it's an easy fix. this top looks great dressed up or down. would definitely recommend!
Just purchased this yesterday in the store and i can't wait to wear it! it is a perfect spring/summer top when you just want to wear something pretty and comfortable! i agree that it is big but that is the style of this shirt. so if you're ok with this look, you will love this shirt! i took my usual medium and the prints are adorable! a great addition to my wardrobe!
Love this shirt. tried it on in 2 of the colors and both were very flattering. the quality of the shirt is great. worth the price for sure!
Love this top! i receive so many compliments wearing it, even from my teenage boys! runs large, but that's the style of it, very flowy. very flattering.
I'm so short that this could be a dress! runs a little big, but very forgiving. the green color is so vibrant! love love love!
This light blouse is beautiful and true to size. i ordered the black one and love it! i would recommend this product
Stopped in to my local retailer today specifically for this top. i was pleasantly surprised - the green is even more vibrant in person! just gorgeous. typically a size small but based on reviews tried on the extra small. still a tad roomy but portland doesn't carry petite sizing aaaaandidon'twanttopayforshipping... remedy that, retailer portland!
This sweater poncho is a nice versatile piece to wear in the fall. wear a blouse or tee under for extra warmth for the maine winters. love the side buttons and the uniqueness of this poncho. true to size, great color. lot's of compliments.
Love this top. bought it in both color ways. just adorable and washes well. great option for larger ladies.  retailer needs to provide more xls to be available in the stores. i shop at the pasadena store and see so many women my size shopping right next to me, and there is nothing for us. it is so sad that we want to spend our money with you, but you don't want it.
This beauty arrived in my store today...and despite all my gals telling me that i own too many vests, i just had to have this one. i've always wanted a cozy fur or sherpa vest...but i'm curvy and always feel like those add bulk. this one only has sherpa on one side (the softest most cozy sherpa ever) and its not too bulky! the print is even better than it appears online...in fact, the vest almost appears pink online, and its not in person. there is much more variation in color in person! i adore
I love swing tops. the more swingy, the better! this top is so fun. its a little hard to tell online, but its made of two fabrics. most of the fabric is a thin t-shirt material, and then theres a panel on one side thats more of a silky fabric. its so so cool! the colors are just as they appear online, and the print is fun and edgy. i have larger arms, so i love the length of the sleeves. the other reviewer said it was cropped, but i did not have that experience. in fact i was able to wear mine w
I really wanted to love this dress. two lovely associates paired it with the desideria bib necklace and the black dakota cardigan, which gives the outfit definition and elegance. but the dress by itself would have needed altering to fit my 34-b top. i chose size m because of the length-- the small was 1 1/2 " shorter in front (i am 5'8") in the end, i realized i would probably choose my other favorites from my closet. but it will be stunning on the right person.
I love this dress - originally ordered the medium, which is my normal size, especially because i am tall. the arm holes were gaping, and so i returned for the small. the small is perfect. it fits exactly as on the model, and i didn't have a problem with the color being see-through. it really is so unique but so simple. the color is perfect.   i took a single star off because it is not lined - for the price, this would have been nice.
I've been on the hunt for the perfect dress to wear for my daughter's first birthday party. since we are throwing a traditional korean first birthday, i was looking for a dress you might wear to a daytime wedding or a fancy brunch. i just purchased this dress today in the store and it fits my needs perfectly.   i disagree with the first reviewer who mentioned that this dress was too sheer. this dress is a thicker fabric so i do not think i will need a slip when wearing it. it does drape nicely
This shirt is so very pretty in person. the detail on the neckline and the lace up on the back are so cute and give the shirt just a bit of whimsy, making it more unique than your usual flowy t-shirt. it lays perfectly and the material is very soft and comfy. you can wear it casual or dress it up. i may get another one because this is the kind of shirt i will wear constantly!
I usually wear a size 28 & the fit was perfect. highly recommend, many compliments.
I fell in love with this dress from the moment i saw it in store. i tried it on immediately and knew i had to have it. it fits a little big -- definitely size down. but other than that, i have never felt more beautiful than when i wear this. the color is a perfect blush pink and the drop waist/tiered skirt make you feel downright bridal when wearing it, despite it being the perfect fabric for day. i find that this dress is perfect for those days at work when i have an event later.. it can be dre
This is a such a cute top. can be dressed up for work or worn more casually. very flattering. i'm 5'6" and 125lb. i was borderline between the xs and s but ended up with the s because it was a tad longer and more 'tunic-y.' bought two colors!
I loved this top so much i bought it in both colors. size down because it run very large, but it is nice and flowy. i'm 5'11" and slim and the top hung nicely on me.
This is a very flattering / soft sweater. the pockets make it so much cuter & do not make me look "thick". highly recommend!
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it in the catalog and ordered it immediately. i was a bit disappointed that the dress is a little lighter than the pink showed in the catalog but it didn't deter my liking it because it's still a lovely shade of pink. the fabric takes a bit getting used to though - i thought it would be silkier but it's really a thicker fabric. i ordered a size small and i usually wear size 4. the dress drowned me. so i returned it for an xs, which fit me beautifully. so
This is such an adorable tee. the stripes and lace up details are super cute and on trend. i usually take a xxs and that is what i took in this tee. i tried the xs and at 5"1 and 104 pounds it looked a bit loose and long on me. love this tee and highly recommend this one!
This shirt runs large, so order down a size. it is comfortable, cute and great for transitioning from summer into fall. adding jewelry really dresses this top up. can't wait to layer it with kimono, vest, pashminas or wraps. great with sandals or boots. glad i bought both colors. it looks much better on, than in the photo/on hanger. great purchase and can't wait to wear!
I purchased this poncho online in the cream color. when it arrived i tried it on to decide whether or not to keep it. i immediately went on line and purchased the taupe color , as well. thank goodness it didn't come in 5 more colors! this sweater is so versatile and beautifully detailed, plus it is very soft. you take one look at it and you know the quality! i think you could wear this dressed up or down and it would be perfect either way. i do agree, it is not quite as long as pictured , but pe
The green is a deep, beautiful shade. the fabric and fir is very flattering!
Love this white shirt! it fits great and gives you a little breathing room around the waist. this goes with shorts, skirts, and jeans. i will be wearing it all summer
Gorgeous baby blue lace is a must see. i received many compliments. my only gripe is that i don't love when shirts have those connecting camisoles (which make it harder to put on) as i would much rather just have a sewn in lining, but it didn't deter me. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, muscular/curvy frame and a size 4 fit perfectly.
Super cute poncho to add to my wardrobe.  love the grey color and the material is super soft.  glad i snagged this up for less than $30!
Great top!! love the fit, it pairs great with dark denim and pearls!! i ordered a 00 and am a 32c cup and 24-25 waist
This sweater is a perfect transition piece!  the material is really soft. while it has the shape of a poncho it is cut nicely and doesn't make you look like a big blob.
I am obsessed with this top. it is even more gorgeous in person.... a real showstopper!
Beautiful color and a great lightweight piece for fall layering. the petite sizing was perfect for me. more like a belted kimono. very happy with this purchase
This a lovely piece. you have to see it close up to appreciate the subtle details. i typically wear xxsp or xsp, so i did not expect this to fit, but decided to try it because i liked the style. as a petite, many poncho styles overwhelm me and look like tents. not this one. the xxs fit nicely - just the right length and width. i am 5'1" and 108 lbs. i think one of the reasons this has not been popular is because it only shows up when searching on ponchos, and not when you search for sweaters. it
Absolutely love this top. it is beautiful, well made and so unique.
The blue lace with the white top underneath is very pretty. unfortunately i did not like how billowy it was below the bra line.
I knew i wanted this top the moment i saw it, so onto my wishlist it went until it went on sale! it fits beautifully in my normal size and i love that it already has a coordinating tank top. i get compliments whenever i wear it- think hd in paris might be my new go-to!
This is probably a blouse for curvy women. with that i mean large breasted. i am a 40d and the xl fits well and the cleavage is in the limit of ok for the office. the bottom is a little too large but not too long. however, the fabric feels extremely comfortable and it stretches but it doesn't lose the shape. i am tempted to buy 2 more. if you are thin, you probably need to size down.
This tee is super soft and thin. perfect for hot humid days. i went with the neutral version and it is adorable with chino shorts or jean shorts. i found it ran big.. i purchased in xs and still pretty baggy.
These leggings are wonderful. they are incredibly soft, and stay in place when working out.
I initially tried this on in store and fell in love with the beautiful cut out details and fit. the star design is really cute and unique and the blue color is not see-through at all. i eventually had to buy the blouse online because i could not stop thinking about it. also machine washable is a major plus.
This dress has special written all over it. the poms at the hem and bodice, as well as the rows of black seed beads push are the kind of details that stand out. i like all the varying textures. it looks great with sandals or short boots. fits true to size. a nice sassy length.
I found this dress at my local retailer must be a web order return i feel in love with it once i put it on its better in person that online but it does run a little tight in the chest area  it was fine for me as i'm not big busted
I tried these on in-store not intending to buy them (was trying on shirts and needed to see how they would look with jeans!) and loved them! great "medium blue" color and they fit me so nicely (i am 5'2" with actual hips and thighs :) ...the price is a bit high for me though. hoping to find a pair at some point when they are on sale!
Love this soft sweatshirt. the peplum makes it a little different and the quality is great. go to piece for spring. loose fitting but true to size in shoulders.
Beautiful and very feminine look but run big. i m 5ft 105 lbs curvy , size 00 fit me well
I really like this jacket. very comfortable, nice material. i like the weight of this jacket, i wore it alone but it will be cute with a t-shirt under it too.
Ordered this dress for a summer wedding. it is so cute! true to size, well made with a hint of tulle. super comfortable for moving and dancing. winner!
Love this t-shirt. the weight is great for the impending heat and humidity of summer. it looks positively fabulous for casual occasions with pilcro chinos in moss and fuchsia suede pumps.
I purchased the yellow and i am quite happy. it matches a lot of things that i already own. nice summer tee.
I bought the "here comes the sun" version of this shirt. i had to have it. i'm a cervical cancer survivor who is still dealing with some health issues. i recently attended a cancer survivor event where a women talked about her life with cancer. she said that you no longer counts the years of her life, instead she counts her sunny days. i was inspired to do the same. so, i love this shirt. i got it on sale, but it still could've been cheaper.
Love this tee! lightweight, airy and comfy. i think it fits true to size. so soft and summery. can't wait to wear it this summer!
This is much more a blouse than a "tee". the detailing is beautiful and the fabric on the back is a more stuff, starched cotton, not stretchy jersey. because of that i felt like this top ran small. i had to size up.
I tried this on today and i wish i had taken it home. for me it was true to size, and the star print was perfect. flowy but not in maternity way at all. i'm gonna have to go back for this one!
Love the diving beauty version, it is charming without being too "cutsie" which i stay away from. the epitome of summer and that grab and go easy little statement. i find it runs true to size...you could safely size down if need be. love it! thinking of getting the here comes the sun too! tuck it in, tie it in the back or side or great just draping...love the little touch on the sleeve too...nice surprise!
This is great. on the model it looks largish, but on me it doesn't. if you're curvier like me (5'10", 155, 32e) it may be more fitted. long arms with great wrists. design is just as shown. not a sturdy piece. but not cheap looking in any way. i plan to hand-wash and not drop coffee down the front so i can wear it for a long time. just what i want to wear on certain days, and more colors would be great. thanks, retailer.
Comfortable material, fits true to size, love the color and can wear all year round. selected this dress for a fall wedding and its a keeper!
I stumbled across this dress at the store and fell in love. it's so bright and cheery but still sophisticated enough for most events. i love that the tulle that gives the skirt a slight flare and body is completely concealed. the dress is well lined and darling. i am small chested so i didn't have an issue with it feeling revealing nor did the lining hang out. i purchased this for my rehearsal and rehearsal dinner for my summer wedding. i look forward to wearing the dress many times after.
I"m not crazy about maxi dresses so when i found this fun print with fringe-it spoke my language. love this dress. feel this dress will work with many seasons. dress falls nicely and feels comfortable. i was worried it would be too long but with a 2 inch heel-its perfect. have paired it with some red dangled earrings that spice it just right.
Fantastic signature retailer styling with this unique statement sweater. the pattern placement has a slimming look on the front and a rear enhancing look from behind. i've been using the super soft removable fur collar as a scarf and stole for my other outfits as well. the length is almost tunic on me, so it looks great with leggings and skinny jeans while buttoned up. if you choose to remove the fur collar the v-neck is very open, so i keep it unbuttoned when i style it that way. knit fabric is s
I purchased this dress for my bridal shower and it was perfect! the details on it are amazing-delicate and lovely! i am 5'11'' and it hit just above my ankles which i loved because i could show off my shoes!
I bought the design which has now sold out, of the sailboats and waves along the top. the t-shirt is super soft and thin. but, it's not sheer or see-through. very light and cool for hot humid summer days. has some nice stretch as well. a really gentle cotton knit.  this top does run large. maybe that's so it will be cool and not stick to you? thus, i didn't size down because i don't like clothes too form-fitting on super hot days.
I just couldn't resist this dress! it's blue, it's fun, it's feminine. the color is so vivid and beautiful in person. i was worried that the length would be an issue (i bought a regular size instead of my normal petite), but i feel that it is perfect. it fits great, and i know i will wear it a lot this summer.
Great fit, perfect length! so happy with these jeans. the fabric is pretty stretchy but definitely still has a denim feel. very soft - love these jeans!
I bought this top at my local retailer in a burgundy color. it is so beautiful and feminine. i want to get it in the other color they had in the store and also this black one available on-line. i bought it in a size 6 and i am 5' 2" , 34d. i sometimes get tops in petite but i felt the reg size fit just fine.
I purchased this item as a gift for my wife and she loves it. the quality for the price is great. soft and comfortable. needs to be washed with care but is worth it
Many compliments - great color and so comfy. most of my dresses from retailer are maeve brand, and i have never been disappointed.
Tts and very very sleek and flattering. just love for summer. nice light weight. feel great on and not saggy. nice color addition since my other favorite are lighter shade of blue.
I really love this this dress, but i agree with the previous reviewer about the belt around the waist-it is a draped piece of fabric that is very figure flattering where it wraps, but one side of the dress has no belt and it shows muffin tops/bulges.i would have loved this if the belt went all the way around. one other point i would like to make is that bra straps are hard to conceal. i bought this dress because of the gorgeous color, but ended up returning it because of the belt and bra strap i
This is by far the most comfortable bra i've ever owned. i love the convertible strap feature. it's great for shirts with a back cutout.
I bought this tank in the blue popsicle print, and i think it's cuter in person than it is online. the beautiful pastel colors on the popsicles really stand out and make it special. i am normally a size 4-6, and the small fits me perfectly. also, i appreciate that it's lined. i wore it with skinnies, and received lots of compliments. it's the perfect tank for summer!
This well made chemise is figure flattering and just the right length for me (5'2"). i would wear it as a slip or a nightie. looking forward to wearing it!
This is just a fantastic dress! i bought it in my usual m in the blue and it fits like a glove. i love the varying lengths and the adorable sleeves and the substantial knit which feels amazing on the body without revealing any bumps and lumps :) i took the regular length and found it perfect. the front hits about two inches above my knee and the rest hits a bit lower. i'm only 5"1, but i prefer dresses that hit closer to my knee than mini so the regular was perfect for me definitely a keeper!
This dress is perfection it is extremely comfortable and versatile. great for dressing up or down. i am large busted (36g) so was delighted that it stretches as this is a problem for me finding clothing to fit allover. i am petite 5"1 with a curvy figure and a regular medium fit great!
This is a great summer maxi dress. i am 5'4" 120lbs, about a size 4 in dresses, 32dd. i got this in an extra small. i was really happy that on someone my height, it's just a few inches above my ankle, so did not shorten me at all. the straps were a good length, and the waist hit at the right spot. i don't think the waist detail not going all the way around is a big deal, there are the little snaps in the straps for your bra, and skirt is lined. the turquoise color is really pretty and the fabric
This dress is super comfortable and the material is so soft. the fit is very flattering and will cover any imperfections if you are heavier and want to hide anything. its more fitted in the top and drapes on the body very nicely. the hem is asymmetrical and the highest part of the hem hits about 2 inches above my knee and i am 5'3.'' i will wear this with tights for work. color is very nice also.
I love this dress!!! it's comfortable, flattering and stylish. looks great with flats or boots - awesome with a chunky scarf and tights.
I ordered a regular size xs and the length is still fine for me at 5'2". i love the color and the fabric is super soft and comfortable. i'll get a lot of use out of it this summer and the sale price is a great bargain!
I am so glad i tried this dress on. it is so chic and beautiful! perfect for an evening out or during the day. i can't believe the price!
I love this! i will sport it in the spring with white capris/ leggings and awesome for a beach cover-up! the fit is comfy the embroidery gives it a feminine touch. i purchased the large but could've gotten away with a slender fit in medium. i am 5'4 170 lbs.
Love! highly recommend...usually i wait for sale price but this was worth the extra splurge. so flattering!
This is a great dress for all body types. the fabric is substantial and soft.  i sized down for a closer fit, but i could have also bought my usual medium and had the extra space to belt it and wear a looser fit. i busted out the boots, a little early, and the outfit was done.  super easy to wear, dressed up or dressed down.  totally worth the price, i'm glad i didn't wait until it went on sale for fear of selling out.
This is a solid well made transistional dress going from late summer to fall. i'm 5'7" and got the medium and it falls a little above my knee. i could see it being very flattering on many body types. i do think you need to accessorize the dress as it is on the bland side. i bought the plum/brown color and am very happy with it.
Perfection! i am 5'3"/108 and the size 25 fit me like a glove. beautiful color too!! highly recommend!!
Thrilled that this not only fits great on me but i got it at a deep sale price!  all the problems that the negative reviewers had did not apply to me at all.  i'm so glad i gave this a try.  my body is large on top with a square waist, a bit of a tummy, no hips or bum and the medium petite skimmed over all my flaws and made me look more proportionate.  not sure why this is called halter though.  i am 5'3" 36dd, wide torso, size 28 jeans, 140#.
So i got this on sale and the only size they had was a xs petite. i didn't have my hopes very high but i thought i would give it a shot. the dress came today and it fit great. i am 5"6" so the petite came just above my knees but the dress is still adorable. the material and cut is great. this is not what i was looking for but it is a welcome addition.
This dress is beautiful. it is longer than it looks on the model (i'm 5/5) but drapes beautifully. it is perfect for a wedding or a special event. i love it!
This dress is super soft and really flattering. i'm 5'2" and i tried a regular size m in the store and hated it on me, but decided to order a petite m and give it a try and i love it. it's one i've been wearing a lot with ankle boots and all sorts of jackets. it's great for these fall days that are still warm-ish. would be really cute with tights.
Love the sweater. the knit has a rich look and the fit is perfect. i paired it with a printed pencil skirt for an eclectic look. strongly recommend to your wardrobe.
Hi ladies, does this bra take a contortionist to put it on the first time? yes. did my boyfriend laugh at me hysterically while i tried to get it over the girls? yes. however, i am a large chested girl 34d, i bought the large and this is honestly the absolute best, most comfortable, amazing, non hurting/poking best strapless bra i have ever owned. i just bought three more, just in case the first two wear out. i love this, i love how far it comes down on the sides, i love that it doesn't slip do
I just got this in the mail & had to immediately write a review. i love it!. i took a risk & ordered the xxs, which i assume is a 00. it fits me perfectly so i would say it runs large. i'm a true dress size 2 but usually wear a 0 or xs in us sizing. the shoulder length from seam to seam is about 14 inches. i'm 32c-24-34. hope this helps!
This shirt feels so nice, it's heavier weight and so soft.. i think it's lyocel... such a great drape to the shirt that is so flattering. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and 34c/d and purchased a size 4. found this item to be true to size, if not slightly loose, but i love the flow of it. highly recommend, the green is classic and timeless, very versatile.
Love it! the light blue is a gorgeous color. i thought this might be more chambray, but i'm happy it's not. it's also stitched at the top so no awkward accidental peep show or need for annoying tape.
Love this top! i bought it last month in the olive green color and love it. great quality fabric, comfortable and can be dressed up or down.
I love this top, i dress it up when i need to be more professional and i dress it down with a pair of cutoffs when it's warm. it is delicate, however, so i try not to wash it too frequently. the front is a bit boxy, which the model demonstrates. the model really encompasses the crisp whiteness of the shirt, the flow of it and the length.
While there us no clasp and this bra does require you to pull it over your head, i did not find it to be too difficult. i love that the bra stays in place and that i do not have to constantly pull it up throughout the day! it's quite comfortable too. i wish i had ordered the same bra with the straps too before they sold out of my size!
Slighty fitted, flattering, very soft and not itchy. the orange is a very nice color.
This product is comfortable and stylish. i love the design and the color print. i can dresss it up and dress it down. it goes with everything and also fits great.
I got these on sale a few months ago. they are the most comfortable jeans i've ever owned. i'm 5'4 and they are the perfect length for me but i like my jeans a little long.
I had this dress in my basket for a long tiem waiting for free shipping. i liekd how it looked on the model. read the reviews, and wasn't sure, so waited... then my usual size sold out, so i decided ot try the smaller size (in petites, otherwsie i would have gotten it in the store :_)) i needed pettie and the smaller size is perfect! the color says black, but it looks more mifnight (aka blue), my friend even said (when i tried it on), you know i laways love anything blue... so don't expect dark
Love this top for the fall. looks great with dark skinny jean and booties.
Love this design it puts a twist on a turtle neck sweater. the only problem i had is that the tie kept coming undone but if you do a double knot the problem is solved! wish i would have bought all the other colors.
I tried these in store, didn't have much hope as flare usually looks terrible on me (small waist and athletic, fuller legs). but surprisingly these work great. they seem to very good quality and the flare is super cute and on trend. i do think they run a little small. i am almost always a 2/26, but i took these in a 4. they didn't have a 2 in store for me to compare but i think they would have been too tight. highly recommend!
Love these pants!!! retailer - please sell more colors and patterns of these! i have a hard time finding work pants that fit right, don't have to be hemmed (i'm 5'3") and aren't boring. this is just enough pattern to be interesting, but still neutral enough to pair with other things. i bought them full price and would happily do so again for another pattern!
This is a very well made top. i love everything about this top! bought it in both colors. i think it's fancy enough to wear out at night or in the daytime with shorts and flip flops. i got it on sale but would have totally paid regular price for it!
I wish i hadn't waited so long to buy this! the smalls were sold out in grey by the time i finially did, but the medium ended up being totally fine. perfect for a warmer winter, it is pretty thin so i wouldn't trust it on it's own to keep you warm in cold weather, but easily could be layered! i love the fun aspect of the tie front for this sweater as the front tuck is becoming a little tired in my eyes. i love that you can make it shorter or longer or even tuck it in because the ties aren't sewn
Love this sweater. i have it in cream and ordering navy. it is comfortable and looks great with pants or a skirt. i do not like my sweaters tight so i have a large and love the fit. i am 5' 4'' and weigh 135 and usually buy medium to large.
I love this! seriously would buy again. i wish it was warmer out so i could wear it
I have a small collection of retailer pants for work, and this pair fit neatly into a hole-- i don't have a fun, patterned pair. i am short (5'2") and definitely needed a petite to get the crop to land in the right spot. my usual 0p fit perfectly up above. the flare seems a bit more pronounced on me than in the picture. the fabric is nice quality, smooth and medium weight with a bit of stretch, and i like the fact that these are machine washable. this gal has other things to do with her life besid
I love these pants so much i even paid full price for them.  i'm going to order them in navy too.  super cute fit.  cute with flats or heels.
I stumbled upon this by accident and i thought the turquoise color looks unique so i tried it on, and it was a great fit first time around. i dislike open shoulder blouses because most of them are too open but this one is very sutble which gives it a girl next door sexy look. the material is very soft, the pattern is subtle plaid, and the liner is a plus. size 2 regular fits me very comfortably (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). i could size down more but i like the relaxed look like on the mod
Gorgeous colors on lovely silk skirt. longer on me than in photo, but i'm only 5'4". i usually wear a size 12 or 32" waist jeans, but i could not zip up the large. by several inches. i'm not sure if i can possibly cover the waist and still wear it that way. sad because i've had my eye on this for months:(
Absolutely beautiful -  usually don't leave reviews here, but this top (material, beading, style) is so gorgeous i would be remiss if i didn't. i have a short torso, so the peplum hit me above the belly-button. it's very voluminous, but with the right pants and heels, it is a perfect outfit. as a full-time student, i'm apt to find retailer expensive - but this purchase was so very much worth it. in terms of sizing- i initially got the s to accommodate my bust (30f) but preferred the xs.
Very cute! waist is a little big for me but overall a pretty good fit.
Tried this on and loved it! chic, lightweight, warm, cute left as is and cuter belted. ended up letting a friend buy it since it was the last one but will be adding to my iso list for sure!
I love this shirt! i was surprised by the other reviews. it's boxy, but not unflattering. i get so many compliments on this. a steal for the price.
It's rare to find such a great skirt -- flattering, unique design, substantial (denim-like) fabric, something with pockets! this skirt has everything, including an adjustable buckled waist. i love the slight a-line shape, too. for me it fits true to size (the same size i wear in skirts from other brands). i love the colors -- ivory background, cobalt, periwinkle, orange, blush pink, yellow, black. it will be easy to pair with tees or button-down shirts and cute sandals.
This skirt fits my curves so well. the adjustable waist is so helpful for getting the perfect fit. it sits high on me, but i have a very long torso so that didn't bother me and actually made the length more flattering for my shorter legs. the colors are vibrant and versatile.
Ordered this top online, color is a little more gray than green but it is gorgeous, comfortable and flattering, so much so, i am ordering the navy too. great quality , fabulous with jeans .
I love this blouse! the colors of the little sunglasses are vibrant against the black background, the buttons on the front are also a coral/peach color and beautifully made. its thin enough to be worn in the summer or fall without making you sweat or freeze. i ordered a medium, which i usually wear in most retailer tops and it fits perfectly. i'm a 36b and can run from an 8 to a 10 in tops. i do recommend trying it on before purchasing if you can, especially for women with a larger bust. th
Girls, this dress is gorgeous.  but if you are an a/b cup, there is just too much fabric in the bust.  the entire dress is pleated from the shoulders down, so a curvier figure would be shown to great advantage in this beautiful number.  alas, i had to send it back and was very sad to do so.
This skirt is pleasantly more dynamic in person. the print and colors are really nice and more vibrant than the photos. the cut was spot on and the fabric seems heavy enough to hide imperfections (but not too heavy...) length as shown on model.
This top can be dressed up or down, very good quality fabric and colors shown as the photo (blue). i usually wear petite sizes but chose the regular version because i wanted to be able to tuck it in. i think it might be too short otherwise.
Love the color (cedar). love the style. sleeves are long and wide but that is the style. biggest surprise is that this sweater is not cropped. the length given in the product info is very short. but when i received my normal size (l) the sweater comes to my hips. just right. the fibers are man-made (acrylic) so that makes this sweater not too warm and not itchy. the weave is close enough that i do not need to wear a cami underneath. when the weather gets colder i will add a nice cami under the s
Love everything about it!! chunky, comfortable, lazy day or dress up with a cool necklace!
Love, love this clever eyeglass print. i bought the black background with bright sunglass print - perfect for pairing with jeans, shorts or a slender skirt.
Exactly as pictured. great fit. love it.
Absolutely love everything about this sweater. i was hesitant to buy because it's so oversized and i was worried it would overwhelm my small frame. but the xs fits great, i love the large knit look and the bell sleeves. pairing with dark denim skinny jeans helped balance out the sweaters oversized shape. wore it work and then to a party and received compliments on it all day.
I wear this vest two ways - over a long sleeve shirt when it's warmer and layered over a shirt and cardigan when it's cooler. it's the perfect amount of warmth when i'm running errands and don't want to wear a heavy coat. love it and plan to wear it a lot!
The quality of this vest is outstanding, and the warmth is exceptional. i have worn it as a jacket on milder days, in work as a warmth layer and brought on vacation to act as both plus a bathrobe. it is a very stylist piece that can be worn open or belted. it runs large by style, but i am 5'1", 100 lbs and i can carry it off.
I love this skirt! it's a denim material, so it's structured, but not too heavy for warm weather. the colors are bright. it may run a bit big, but i didn't have trouble with my usual size. the pockets are actually usable. great for casual and easy to dress up.
Love the print of this fabric & the length. the buckles at the waist add a unique look so no belt necessary.
This jacket is my favorite purchase in a while! i used my last month 50th birthday discount on it! it is of exceptional materials and quality construction. the juxtaposition of the stripes against the beautifully vibrant embroidery on back is stunning! it does run true to size as it is an oversized piece, which adds to its classy dramatic flare! my size medium came in the european size 38. for reference, i am an american size 8-10.  it is comfortable to wear and can easily accomodate large ful
I strongly disagree with the previous reviewer. the shirt in our store was featured in all colors.  i chose the burnt orange color to try on and it is was incredibly soft!  i felt like i was wearing a t-shirt with an easy on and easy off feel. the flow of the shirt allows you to wear out or tuck in.  i paired with teal velvet crops and tucked the shirt in for more structure to the outfit. love!!!
I felt inspired to write a review as soon as i put this on. the vest fits so well, and the thick fabric feels amazing. love the pockets! like the previous reviewer, i feel like i'll be able to wear this with workout clothes or with a dressier outfit. it has an ever so slight racer back, so probably would look weird with sleeveless tops that come all the way to your shoulders, but i can already think about so many ways i want to wear it. the draping in the front also falls really nicely. great bu
With my 5'9', hourglass frame, wider hips and having a baby, i wear normally sizes 10/12 (m/l) in most retailer skirts and dresses. however, with this, i was able to fit into an 8; it just sat higher up and was too form fitting for my liking. here are my thoughts: _________ pros: - lots of stretch and comfort. - pockets! always a plus in my book :) - will go with any top. - nice length. fit me as in the model. - very slimming. - you could probably go down a size if you are slender with not wide hi
This is a favulous cape...in fact i would buy another if there were other colors! it is oversized, playful, chic, dramatic and simply put a true statement piece. it will not be flattering to your figure...it is not suppose to...but it will show your true sense of style! wish it had pockets...i may add them for more play.
These two blouses are probably my best purchases anywhere in some time. fit is perfect, quality is great and both will be worn many times this summer and into the fall. unique from the all other tops i have seen lately.
This skirt is really cute and versatile, it can be dressed up or down. i paired it with a black chiffon top for a dressed up look and a denim button down for a casual look. the length is good, and the buckles allow it to be tightened, which is a plus if you have an athletic body.
I saw the skirt on a display today at my local store. i was attracted by the colors and the display itself. my thoughts, " give it a chance". i bought the size 10 without even trying it on, with the idea that the colors and style had so much potential, i am so pleased with this skirt! the fit is true, although if you like a higher ride on the waist, i would size down. the fabric has just the right amount of stretch to make it super comfortable. i had so many staple items in my wardrobe that i wi
This shirt is exactly what i expected! it is just as cute as on the website and the fit was great! it's the perfect shirt for summer, loose fitting but in a flattering way. the design makes it very versatile since it can be matched with so many colors!  i highly recommend it!
I saw the black in store and had to try on. it is very, very cute. i would say it fits a bit small. i tried my usual medium and while it fit, it was a little short. id take you could take your regular size or size up. i would not size down in this one. adding to my wish list and hoping it sticks around til sale time!
Let it be known that i hate shopping for jeans. i recently had my go-to skinny jeans rip by my back pocket and new i needed to get something new & better stat. i have a pair of black ag sateens that i got a few years ago, and i decided to try out this pair. i got them in the mail yesterday, and i never want to part with them! they are perfection. they hit perfectly on my waist; they're incredibly comfortable and basically make you feel like you're wearing the jean equivalent to yoga pants. they
Was scared at first to order this product, when i tried it on i was amazed on how good it looks. fits just like the model picture, and the material is awesome.
Great dress! wish it came it more colors, would like to buy another one. i am 5'5",125, size small is perfect. unlike one of the previous reviewers, i do not think it is too clingy. maybe she needed to size up.very versital, cute with a jean jacket, or long lightweight scarf, booties, or sandals! .
This dress is perfect for spring and early summer. it has some weight to it and so it drapes beautifully. it is very well made and the fabric is good quality. the color is a medium color gray; much prettier than in the picture. i wear a small in most retailer dresses and this fit perfectly in a small. it hugs in all the right places and skims from the hips just like in the picture.. the length was just as it looked on the model. i am 5' 5".
This is such a unique and fun dress. i'm so glad i found it and it fits perfectly!
I've passed this dress by a number of times online, but ordered it on a whim on the mothers day promo. based on the reviews, i ordered my regular size, medium. it fit perfectly. i do think the cut is on the trim side, but it isn't tight or fitted. i probably couldn't eat a big meal in this though as it would probably show in this dress. the fabric is buttery soft! the button placket down the front is very clean and lays flat. there are two side pleats that are a different fabric and are ever so
What a unique twist on the traditional cargo jacket! the swing styling on this jacket is so cute---not too full-, you still get a nice silhouette from the front, with the swing in the back this is a fresh take on this staple. it will be a "go-to" piece in my closet!! the quality of the material and tailoring on the jacket is wonderful!!! as other reviewers have commented, it does run large. i am exchanging it for a size down. i can't wait to get it in and wear it!
You make classy stuff. this skirt is a nice take on a tweed skirt. colors: can't tell from the picture, but there is red and pink thread as part of the tweed, very fun and happy, yet appropriate colors for fall and winter. the cut is very flattering, the scallop part is interesting though, it is sown at one part of the skirt, in the middle, not sure why. i ordered the 0p, and that fit me like a glove. (26.5 in waist, 35-36 in hips, 115 lbs).  length on the petite was above the knee, like show
I tried these on at the store and thought the color, texture and style was very nice, but i needed the petite length. so i came online but was disappointed to see that the style is sold out in petite! darn. the regular length hits me just above the ankle, so i suppose it is still do-able, but i hate to pay full price for something that doesn't fit quite right. maybe if it goes on sale i will consider it.
Love the blue color. is a bit short, but fine with a tank underneath. i purchased the small, that's what i usually wear.
This jacket is perfect! the crop length is just right! not to short and the way it is cut longer in the back it really paints a beautiful silhouette on my larger frame. i'm a a 12 typically but broad in the shoulders and larger in the bust 36dd. this jacket is loose fitting and roomy. i could probably have gone with a large, but i'm really happy with the xl as i can layer underneath and it's just super roomy and comfy. the quality of this jacket is great. it will be a staple for years to come. i
I love this top. i got a medium in black on sale. i am 5'8'' and 135lbs. the medium fits great. the medium is slightly loose on me through the tummy, which is nice - in my experience, it is not too constraining, contrary to other reviews. however, i think it depends on your body shape; i am a coke-bottle. this will be a wardrobe staple for day to day and going out; note, it is too low-cut for work wear. very happy with my purchase.
These are some of my favorite new pants. i am never disappointed by the quality from this brand and they are super comfortable and adorable. a definite must have!
I'm surprised by the negative reviews and i'm here to come to its defense! i love this dress! i'm solidly a 0 petite in tracy reese and this fit perfectly. the top isn't snug but it's not roomy enough to say it runs large. just perfectly comfortable. the belt was a little tricky because it has to thread through several loops, but it stays put nicely and fit perfectly without being too snug or uncomfortable. the fitted top with the belt offsets the fit and flare style of the skirt. lace is beauti
Received december 23 and 83 degrees in louisiana but weather can change from hot to cold in an hour. this sweater is so soft, so cozy, i'm ready to run the air conditioning! beautiful styling, well-made, and has a generous fit that you may or may not prefer. this will be one of my very favorite garments . luxurious, and i deserve it. i ordered a large, have long arms, and the sleeves do come over hand as shown in photo. it is very loose and flows over my jeans. i am an extremely difficult to ple
Absolutely love, love this dress. it is so comfortable and falls perfectly. the material is great and you can dress it up or wear it casually. if it had more colors, i would get it it in any color it came in!!
I bought this dress with my birthday gift and i do not regret it! it's so soft and feels like pure comfort but the details, little metal buttons down the front, the vent pleats on the side; make it feel special. i received many compliments and i would urge you to get this one if you are seeking comfort. it was pretty true to size and because i'm an average height i wore a small block heel with it.
After reading the reviews about this top being really clingy, i decided to order up a size and purchased a medium. when i took it out of the box today and held it up it looked huge and i thought i had made a mistake. however when i tried it on it actually fit really well! i could see if i had ordered my usual small how it would have clinged to my body in a unflattering way. very happy with the top and thankful for the reviews.
Great pair of pants to wear to work, and interview or out to lunch. i got so many compliments the first time i wore these. i'm 5'2" i ordered the burgundy color in a size 0, regular which is what i normally wear and they fit fine. however they were just a tad big in the waist and a tad tight around my calves but other that they're a great pattern pant to have you wont be disappointed!
This dress did not impress me when i was browsing the website online. when i went to a store, though, the colors struck me as really vibrant and earthy, and i wanted to give it a chance. i tried it on and it fit like a glow! i am a 5'1'', 100 pounds, and got an xxs p which was a perfect fit. the length was great for me (petite size) and did not need altering. the online photo may not do justice to the little details on this dress. definitely a very high quality dress that i would categorize as a
Love this top. very easy to wear to lunch or site seeing. the fabric is soft and drapes nicely.
I wanted this top ever since i saw it online, it is so me. it's a nice mix of feminine and masculine, you can pair it with a nice pair of jeans or even business pants to dress it up. this will make the perfect summer shirt and it hangs so nicely! i highly recommend this shirt, i would get it before its gone!
I love sundry clothing. this lightweight fleece is the perfect weight. it keeps you warm enough when it's cold, but not hot when it is milder. it's super soft with nice embroidery. size 1 is a great fit for my 5'1" frame. wear it to hang at home or to go out.
Love these pants. the design is totally different and that is what i love! i paired these with the velvet red shoes from this site - also on sale. for me these ran true to size.
If you care that it's sheer- be forewarned. i probably won't wear a cami under it, as it's not terrible, but worth noting. that said, its lightweight fabric will be perfect for summer and its design is gorgeous boho at its best. it's cut quite generously and i do wish i'd gone down a size.
So comfortable, great fit, dress it up with wedges, down with flats, extremely soft and flattering. i normally wear a xs/s and the small fit perfectly. i'm 5'6" and the length is just slightly cropped.
I just purchased these pants in red on sale. i am 5/5", 143 pounds, and the 10 fit perfectly (i am either an 8 or a 10 in pants, depending upon brand). it is really hard for me to find pants that are cute, unique, work-appropriate, and flattering. these pants fit the bill in all aspects. i thought i would prefer the black, but am really glad i got the red.
Great dress, fit perfectly warm for the winter, i live in florida it will be great if we get a winter next year. very comfortable and easy to wear.
Being somewhat on the 'fluffy' side, the style is very flattering and forgiving and will be ideal for summer. i am between a size 14 and a 16 and the 14 fits perfectly. light and airy a very nice, simple embroidery in contrasting color. very chic in an effortless way. the armholes are just right--not too big! the color is definitely a creamy ivory. worth the cost because i don't think it will be available for too long.
I loved the jumpsuit but unfortunately had to return it due to running a little on the small size.
I love these pants! beautiful quality material, soft on the skin. fits well. definitely a tailored fit. true to size. unique design, and really fun! i am 5 foot 5, and weigh 132 lbs. i am apple shaped, so i was worried these would be too tight around the hips, but they aren't .
I love this romper!  i am 5'2 and the medium fit great and wasn't long.  i'm short so i thought i would have to hem this!  it's comfortable and, although, i'm not a huge fan of gauze, the fit was perfect.  i had to snatch it!
However, i unfortunately followed others advice saying these run small. i had to return/ exchange to a 00p. in turn had to give up the sassy red and settle for black. although they are beautiful trousers in black as well...
Received this shirt yesterday and loved it. doesn't look that great online in pics, but it is a unique and beautiful top. the material is a substantial woven cotton so it lays nicely and keeps its shape . i am 5'5 and 128lbs and a small bust size 34a , i usually wear small in shirts but since it is a longer length i didn't want it to tight around my butt.... i am curvy in that area size 6 pants....i ordered the medium and i am so glad i did .. it lifts just like on the model...the only downfall
This dress is absolutely amazing! i am an retailer addict, a good portion of my wardrobe is from retailer. that being said, this is one of my all time favorite purchases! this dress is a beautiful statement. i am tall and curvy and this dress fits like a glove but is very comfortable. the quality of the beading and the fabric is very good. i wore it on my hawaii vacation, and got numerous compliments! don't pass this one up! five stars!
These pants are fantastic! the pattern alone is to die for, but they also have just the right amount of stretch for the perfect fit! i received so many compliments when i wore them i felt like a rock star!
Bought these in 2p and i'm normally 0p in most pants. for reference, i'm 5'1 and 107 lbs and the 2 fit perfect! got many compliments on these pants
This jumpsuit is great. i recently had a baby and am still trying to get the last 10 lbs of baby weight off and this jumpsuit is very forgiving and super comfortable. i'm usually a medium & i wasn't sure if i should size up. i ordered the medium and it was the right choice. great light material for summer and nice neckline.
I bought this today in a size 2. fits perfect. i am normally a 0 or 2 or xs. the top looks and fits exactly like the picture if you are small chested. because it is not long in the front. i think if you are larger chested the top will stick out too much and be too short in front. it is not super voluminous in front which is a good thing. it does have the volume in the back which gives it a cute shape. it is on the shorter side. very nice material and design as well as details. overall good pick.
This dress is absolutely beautiful! it fits like a glove and the material is super soft. so in love with this! i'm 5'2'm and normally a xs/s. the xspwas a better fit in the waist and chest. the arm holes were a bit tighter on me. the sp was way too large.
I tried on this dress in the store and absolutely fell in love! i'm a bigger gal who is busty and have wider hips. this dress made me look and feel slimmer, and is light to wear. the dress is a perfect length too. i'm 5'11 and this dress hits me right at the ankles. if your looking for a long dress to wear that can be either formal or casual, this one is perfect!
I decided to try this on just for fun because the colors and design are absolutely gorgeous. here are my thoughts: _________________ pros: - the jeweled neckline is lovely! it really helps set the dress apart. - pockets!!! such an elegant dress to have pockets is a huge plus in my book. :) - the length is ideal for taller folk. - it swings beautifully on the body and flares out quite a bit on the bottom. if you're tall as i am, this won't be an issue. - nicely conservative at the top.  cons: - i
Beautiful colors
This is one of my favorite tops i've ordered. flowing and relaxed with great details at the neck. i get compliments every time i wear it.
This dress is stunning! my sister-in-law was hoping to use it as a bridesmaid dress for her wedding and i ordered it for fitting purposes. it fit beautifully on my 5'10" frame. unfortunately she decided against it due to availability and because of the length on the shorter bridesmaids. while it fell to a couple inches above my ankles, it made the shorter girls look shorter. i ended up returning it but am regretting not keeping it now!
I was a little concerned ordering these online without seeing them in person but they do not disappoint! the fabric has a little texture to it that makes them look and feel like a high quality pant. the design is unique and provides visual appeal, and i still feel like i can wear them in my office without looking out of place. i love the high waist on these!
This skirt is a nice medium weight and is lined. my normal size 4 fit perfect. i only wish it was available in petites. if you are petite, the skirt is ankle length. but this is a good skirt to wear to work.
These trousers are wonderful. the fabric is comfortable and does have a little give to it.
I really wanted to not like the top for that price, but ti looks really good, the beading makes the shirt stunning... i ordered the 0p, not sure what size to get, and it is just fine. the length is almost too short, but isn't. the rest of the shirt fits nicely. the shoulder are wide, like poofing out a bit, perhaps that is hwy some people thought it looked large? the beading work is beautiful also a little sheer, but not crazy. debating whether to keep it but right now i love it. also, teh colla
Very pretty top, comfortable and soft but looks nice enough for work!
Normally i am a size 10 or 12 but i sized down to a small. still very swingy and beautiful. i bought the pink and the taupe as well. the colors are beautiful and have great texture to hide stains!
I am always looking for a nice denim skirt and this one is great the pale pink is perfect and the stretch is awesome. i wore wedges with it and a nice romantic top and it looked great. i originally got a 8 and a 10 and kept the 8 because of the stretch it fit perfectly. nice length and great quality
I got this top in an xs and the fit is great. the top is a little darker than pictured. it looks great with white, kaki and denim.
I was pleasantly surprised with the fit of this top! at 5' 6", i'm rather busty, short waisted, and full-figured. i ordered my usual size 16, and the fit is a flattering, 'almost' empire silhouette. i was worried about the back being too long for my body shape, but it works great. the embroidery and construction make this a really special piece.
This skirt is a rare find. slimming, flowing, and best of all, it finally sits on my waist and not on my hips, while hugging the hips in all the right places for the streamlined and sexy look. the fabric is substantial, yet soft, so no weird sticking out sides. the color is delicious very pale-tea-rose, better in person that the picture here, and is fresh for summer. nice length for office. easy to pair with either fitting or loose top/s and jackets. i also got a distressed denim pilcro west to
Fabric is soft, body runs a bit big but falls nicely. length is great for leggings or skinny jeans. overall, wonderful tee shirt!
The skirt is a little longer than i expected, it hits me at my calf, i considered having it shorten knee length but believe that may takeaway some of the aesthetic so i'm going to wear it as it. the quality is quite nice and the color is lovely, very feminine. nice skirt for a picnic
I tried these on in the store and didn't buy them with the other items in my 'yes' pile. i couldn't stop thinking about them and ended up ordering them. they are so cute. the fabric is a nice weight. they have little stretch.
I was glad that i was able to get this shirt which is really more of a spring/summer item, but i found it wide in the body and the shoulders.
It's hard to go wrong with the charlie's, especially in this fabric, keep them coming!! i wrote a review on the brush strokes as well. they fit pretty true to size, i'd say try both your usual size and one size down as well, they stretch out a little, so if they feel a little tight keep that in mind. because of the texture of these pants you can wear so many more colors than just usual black and white trouser fabric. try wearing a burnt orange, green, or pink (the isabella sinclair grid wrap but
Can't go wrong with these new charlie's by cartonnier. they fit amazingly. the fabric is a textured cotton but doesn't seem to wrinkle. just shook them out of the bag yesterday. the fabric description says cotton and spandex so they have some give (just a little) but are not going to stretch out after wearing for an hour. paired it with all sorts of different tops. side zip is slimming. lined pockets. substantial fabric. nothing bad to say. if you haven't tried a pair of charlies you should. you
Ordered the pink in a small, but it ran big...the xs was perfect for my 5'6' medium frame. it is comfortable and the fabric has an interesting texture. looks great with chinos or jeans. might need to get the other color.
This is a really great top. it looks fantastic on. while it is a bigger fit, its so flattering. i get tons of compliments every time i wear it.
I ordered this shirt last week, it's beautiful!!!!! it's even prettier than the photo. i'm 5.3 120lbs ,i ordered the petite 6 and it fit perfectly!!!! i wish it came in more colors, i'd order another one in a minute!
So i actually loved this skirt (the tea rose color and coppery gold buttons were perfect together) and it's rare to find something that's simultaneously so form-fitting and comfortable.... but i hold a lot of my weight in my butt and thighs, and i just felt like it was a little too sexy for work (especially with that long slit - i might feel differently if it didn't have that slit, because then i could at least pair it with a cute oversized cardigan to tone things down a bit for the office). if
I love this vest. get compliments every time i wear it. it's stretchy too :). unfortunately i got ranch dressing on it and spot treated it with shout and now the spot is gone but the color faded there. so little tip don't spill on it lol. my fault though so still 5 stars!
This top is everything i wanted it to be. the fabric is beautiful, and the fit is flowy and comfortable. i would love to own a u-neckline version.
I order this sweater in black - size small - and i just love it. i'm a slender 5' 9" 130 lbs and the small is perfect in for me. while it has the classic cardigan look and a slightly oversized "boyfriend" feel to it, the rounded front hem, hip pockets, and buttons that end slightly above the bottom hem (where the rounded hem begins) are unique touches i appreciate and love in retailer's clothing. the weight was slightly heavier than i expected and better quality, but it is perfect for my minneapol
Flattering fit and neckline. too thin to wear without a cami or tank underneath (for me), but i was expecting that. great go-to tee.
I've been looking at these for some time and i finally pulled the trigger. i'm glad i did because these tights are such a fun accessory to add to my wardrobe. they add just enough whimsy to classic dresses and skirts. these are not your everyday thin stretchy tights. they remind me of the tights i would wear in the winter as a little girl; they are really sweater tights. i think this aspect is great, but they do not have as much give as other tights. i am petite, about 5'3" 112 lbs and the small
I love this top. i am always looking for tops that are comfortable and work as basics. the material is super soft and not too clingy. it feels like pajamas, but looks very polished. i am a little wide in the stomach and bust, but this didn't look boxy. i got these in all 3 colors.
These tights are so cute and can add some fun to any outfit. i paired with a mustard mini, denim shirt and desert boots! they do run small. i am a size 4 and had to get the m/l
I love retailer sweaters, in fact, i believe all my sweaters are from retailer! this cardigan is really nice and i'm so glad i bought it. it will work well with skirts, dresses, pants... it's well made and soft and comfy. highly recommended!
This cardigan runs slightly large as it is boxy, which i love. the color is exactly as pictured and it is soooo soft! can't wait to wear it with a t-shirt and jeans!
I am short, on the heavy side. 5'1" 156 lbs. i always wear large petite. this beautiful blouse swallows me. lots of fabric on the front side of the shirt, causing a boxy look. i could totally do a mp if not sp. i am going to try and exchange.. beautiful blouse, great quality, breathable fabric. colors are deep and rich. so comfy.. highly recommend.
Adore the rust color in this top. very pretty rust color. would go with a lot of stuff. my only small pet peeve with the shirt is the opening under the hook and eye. i have been wearing a seamless tank underneath. but everything else about the blouse fits so perfect, drapes nicely that i think the opening is a minor thing that a tank top can fix. beautiful on. felt that it fit tts. i'm usually a 34b, got an xs in this top.
I like to have a capsule wardrobe for all seasons so that when i travel, or just for everyday, i have a multitude of options with a few good quality pieces. i am not a fan of 'dry clean only' items, so anything that i can find that i can at least hand wash with good results and is within my color palette and sense of style is always a great find. this light weight cardi can work for multiple seasons easily, it is a tad boxy, but it actually works for me (5'4, 34c, 125 lbs) i can wear it with a c
This is a cute work jacket, as well as paired with jeans.  flattering. very soft.  only con is this is thick with a soft cotton lining, so not great for summer in az, but will get plenty of use this fall. typically 6-8 on the top, i went with medium.  not tight in the arms as other reviewer noted.
This vest is perfect. it is a great layering piece to be worn with jeans, slacks or a skirt. it has a substantial weight without being restrictive. i made the purchase based on the other positive reviews and it was "love at first sight."
The material is more like a great tee for the sleeves and the back, so it is so comfortable. i agree with the previous review, i am not thrilled about the hook and eye, but it still looks cute with a tank under it. i bought it in black and i am ordering it as well in white. it looks great with skinny jeans or pants.
Such cute tights! i saw them and had to have them. they are a thick knit - very good quality. the color is a dark navy and the little foxes and a nice pop of color. i get lots of compliments on them.
I love layering this over basic tees (or graphic ones like the wild west tee) - it adds just the right amount of edge. currently building my pin collection to add on (vintage turquoise and rock music to be exact).
Classic and stylish. trendy with the blocking...rich colors, soft and comfy. i typically wear s and s was perfect. i love this sweater.
I love this top!!! i just had a baby and it is difficult to balance classy with comfortable with out looking sloppy. this top is perfect. it may run a tiny bit big but for the most part it is true to size. great for busty girls (36dd).
The color of this top is a bit more vibrant than online. material is light, but i can wear a beige bra underneath and not need a cami. fit was true to size for me and detail at the neckline is flattering. a keeper for me!
I had to have this when i saw it in a store. i was drawn to the shape and the neutral colors. i wore it for the first time today with a black tank. on me it looks best unbuttoned. it looks good with pants. the small fit best although the arms are a little tight at the upper arms. i have muscles so i don't think i could wear it with any top with sleeves.
The color is as pictured, like a deep coral. very comfy and great drape.
These fox tights are so very cute and fun! how can you not smile when wearing these tights designed with the cutest foxes all over! they are warm too! these go great under dresses or tunics and i always get compliments when wearing them! they are a real attention getter!
I really like this vest. personally, i think it is difficult to find vests that fit properly. this is a good one. fabric and color good. the photo is very representative of the color. no surprises there. arm holes are not too big which is often a problem. the detail on the back gives it some added interest. the only thing i would mention that could be a negative is that it is short, especially in the back. again the picture is representative but do pay attention to the length and be certain that
I didn't pay much attn to this online. i'm not much on front hook & tie closures. well, saw today at the local store & decided to try on both the s & m. i am usually a s in tops, but the m was only a bit more roomy & longer than the s, so i went with the size m. i thought the styling of it paired well w/ the pilcro cord skinnys i had on. looked much better than the pics online. i have other pilcro skinny cords & jeans in vs colors so i think this top will work out well for me. love the 3/4 sleev
Fell in love with this a soon as i saw it in store. it is soft and can eaisly be dressed up or down. wore it to work already and got so many compliments.  unfortunately when i saw it in store they didn't have it in stock. the very helpful gentlemen at the irvine, ca location checked online but it was sold out in my size. so he checked the stores that carried it. i called one and the mailed it to me. customer service in store is great!
At first, i thought this top was going to be stiff. i am pleasantly surprised by how soft and flowy this blouse is. it's lovely cream color with beautiful lace details. i appreciate the lining inside the bodice which means i can potentially go bra-less when it's hot! i'm 5'2'', 135lb and retailer size s usually gives me plenty of room because i have a small upper body. but i feel this top is slight short on me. that might be because i didn't wear it off-the-shoulder but had it hang from the top of
Perfect jean. these jeans are comfortable, the length is great, and the rise, at least for me, is spot on. my torso is fairly straight - not a lot of the hourglass thing going on - and somehow these jeans feel like they were made for me. thank you pilcro.
This is going to be my go to all season. looks great with a sweater dress and boots also looks great with cords!
I love this and instantly felt sexier when i put it on, yet with the longer sleeves and looseness felt i could wear it casually.   i will say that i have to often keep adjusting/pulling the top neckline down. it seems to want to revert to above-the-shoulders position.   the fabric and quality feels nice and it was a great purchase for me!
I just received my duster . i love it! the coat is as pictured. the fabric is medium weight denim with some stretch. it feels like a denim coat that you have worn for years. i'm 5'8" and the duster hits mid-calf. i'm a curvy size 14-16 and the xl fits perfectly. the only issue that might arise is that the sleeves are long; they fit me perfectly but i have long arms. this will be my new go to coat for fall.
A cute top. slightly tight in the upper area. debated returning but decided to keep as the top is unique and i know that i will wear it frequently. aleardy thinking of way to wear all year around! runs small
Unlike the other reviews, i love this skirt. the lining is a nice stretchy material, as is the eyelet overlay, making it a really easy to wear, and comfortable skirt while still looking polished and professional.    i bought it so that its slim fitting, more like a pencil skirt.  i've only worn it to work dressed up, with boots, but suspect i'll get a lot of use in the summer with flip flops and a tee shirt.  i highly recommend it, and think it's a great price.  it is longer than on the mode
I love panties. i love the prettiest, softest, most adore-worthy panties i can find. these are my favorite boy shorts--i can always put them on and feel pretty. no weird tight spots and the lace has a perfect amount of stretch. im a mom and my body isn't perfect anymore, but these panties give me confidence, with perfect coverage. i choose them more often than any other in my lingerie drawer. my only warning: wash these pretties as delicates, or the lovely lace colors will fade.
I'm glad i got this skirt because it's prettier in person than in the picture. fiance loves it so that's a bonus. it's tts although it's longer than shown on the picture. very high quality and looks expensive. i'm very happy with this purchase.
I was out of town when my coat arrived, and was so excited to get home and try it on!!  i haven't worn it yet, but we've now got the weather for it...and i can't wait!  i'm 5'7" and heavier than i'd like, but the xl fit perfectly!
Fits beautifully. perfect for spring and summer. the cut of this skirt gives your figure a wonderful shape. the quality of the material is excellent.  this item is perfect for to dress up for a date night or wear slightly more casually for a brunch.
I love this dress so much. the fabric on top is not something i would have chosen-it is thick and almost an elastic kind of feel. but i have grown to appreciate that since this dress is not amenable to most bras. i think the fabric would be thick enough on top to actually just do without one. otherwise you would have to go with a strapless-and the right kind of strapless, with this dress.  when they say it flares it really does-and much more than i was expecting. the bottom part of the skirt f
Timeless skirt. just don't like the placement of the slit, so maybe i'll sew it up.
Nice color and cut but runs very big so size down. will need to send back due to on line only. i am hoping one size smaller does the trick.
When i first tried this top on, i didn't like it because the chest just spilled open. i saw it on someone else and it was so flattering i gave it another try. i bought it in both the red and the black, and plan to put a stitch or safety pin through the top to keep it closed. it is very slimming and hides tummy/muffin top issues. i plan to wear it with the stretchy knee length maeve pencil skirts all summer, along with shorts and pants. give this one a try!
This skirt is great to wear to work. nice medium weight. being cotton, it doesn't get to hot. skirt is lined. nice flattering shape. my normal size 4 fit perfect. love the godets. comfortable. doesn't get all wrinkled from sitting. nice royal blue color.
The dress was great! the zipper was just a little tough but over all a very classic, feminine piece.
Adorable dress. could hardly get the zipper up in my very typical size 4. i will order a 6 and am hoping it will work out!
Love love love this skirt. i walked into retailer in august not looking to buy this skirt even though i saw it in the catalog and thought it was cute. once i tried it on i fell in love. i purchased both black and blue. super flattering and true to size. its a must have for sure.
This skirt is everything i love about retailer. the fit, style and quality are amazing. i feel like a am wearing a piece of art. it is so unique and fits perfectly. way to go retailer!!
Gorgeous skirt. runs a bit big.  well made. perfect for the office and super comfy.
This is one of the best date night tops i've seen in a while. i'm 5'6, 120 lbs and the xs is perfect. the fit is spot on and the fabric feels nice. i will need a teeny tiny safety pin to keep the front closed, but i do that often so i don't see it as a design flaw.
Despite being a knit, this skirt holds its shape and is absolutely perfect. it goes with everything and is extremely comfortable.
Love this shirt, very flattering fit on my pear shape. also accommodates my larger 32dd bust without straining on the buttons. ever so slightly sheer fabric, but no cami needed if wearing a nude bra.
I bought this yesterday and love it. it drapes beautifully. it's a little fancy but versatile enough that you could wear it for semi-casual occasions. the first tier hits at the natural waist, while the second tier hits at about hip height. this is very flattering for the waist, while still being drape-y and a bit loose. i thought this fit a little bigger than to size. i am currently postpartum boobed so i am 5'4", 135 lbs and 34dd and the s fit great. (i am currently a s in other retailer tops).
I have been wanting to incorporate button down blouses into my wardrobe for months but hadn't found any that caught my eye. leave it to retailer to supply the best alternative to a classic look. i love everything from the bottom flare to the way it cinches my waist. i would say this is perfectly appropriate for a business setting while still giving you individual style.
Super flattering! my mom and i both bought this, and we have very different body types. (we both had to size up a bit, as i have a large chest, and she has a large ribcage.) i got a size 10 (i'm normally a size 8), and she got a 12. it was much easier to zip up without bras on, and it seems to have been designed to not need a bra. my mom is pretty short (5"2'), so she's going to get her straps shortened. for reference, i'm about 5'9". hope this helps!
I bought the grey and white plaid shirt in a large. i'm 165, 36d and the top closes without gaping - even when i push my shoulders back. it's kind of sheer, so will wear a cami underneath. the waist nips in right where it should - giving a trim silhouette. adorable and fun top, without being cutesy. love tylho tops!
Based on previous reviews i ordered this shirt in both a small and medium. i have fairly broad shoulders, and thought i might not fit my usual small (if it helps for reference, i am 5'6", 123 lbs, and wear a 32c bra). i first tried on the small and didn't even bother opening the medium. i have a hard time finding blouses that fit in the torso without pulling at the bust (i think this is more related to my wide shoulders as opposed to actual bra size). with this blouse the buttons don't pull at a
This top is adorable, especially the grey check. timeless staple, with a modern & cute update. i agree with 2nd reviewer; i don't think this blouse pulls or is tight in the chest. i'm also a 34d, i got a small, it fits perfectly & i wear it all the time - i think it's great for every season. very flattering, the peplum hits at just the right spot and defines the waist. i get compliments all the time. i pair it with cropped sweaters when it's cold. the grey does seem a bit higher quality; the blu
Buy this skit- it's everything that retailer used to be. great pice, work appopriate, and it fits great.
Wow im really glad i didn't listen to the negative reviews! in ordered this top in the black and red and i have to say this is one of my favorite tops! the neck line i agree does need to be secured. i wish they would have added a snap. it's fine though as i don't mind sewing it closed. this top is worth it! i'm 5'2 108 lbs and small chested. so for slim girls i think this is perfect!
I found this skirt to run tts - i am a size 16 and the bought the xl. it is so soft and comfortable and the colors are so much prettier in person. i paired it with a black turtle neck and black dolce vita booties that i snagged on sale at my local retailer. happy girl!
This sweater is comfortable yet still work appropriate. the ruffled shoulders adds a feminine touch.
I love jeans!!! especially this pair. perfect fit, hugs in all the right places. perfect length! worn it 3x already! and it gets better every time you wear it. goes great with a cute too!
This dress is made of a very thick material both on the top and bottom, making it very flattering. lots of compliments!
I love this dress! perfect for both work and play and can be worn in all seasons thanks to the sleeves.
This skirt caught my eye immediately. i love the beautiful patterns and colors. i'm currently pairing it with a charcoal grey top, which works well. the only slight concern is the material is a little poofy. i still love it, and definitely recommend this standout piece.
I was surprised and impressed by how well made this top is. it looks and feels expensive and of good quality. it is a very flattering fit for someone like me who is small on top and wider at the hips area. i look forward to wearing this top all through the fall/winter/holiday seasons!
Beautiful, flattering dress. love that you can where a bra without having to be concerned about straps showing. very happy with purchase. highly recommend.
These are the most comfortable pants i own. i bought them in the gold, green, and gray (which really does look more like a grayish purple). the gold is my favorite - it goes with so many things! i was just checking to see if there were any other colors - would love them in black and a burgundy. i'm about 125 lbs,, 5 foot 7, and the 28 is a perfect fit. the saleswoman warned that they would stretch out, but i haven't found that to be a real problem.
Love these pants! super comfortable, but feel high quality. i am usually a size 2 and the xs fits perfectly.
130 lb, 5'5, 32dd. ordered xs. this dress is a bit outside my normal retailer style, but i love tracy reese designs and it had good reviews so i decided to give it a try. i could not be more pleased with this decision. as some of the other reviewers have said, the dress is very well made. the lining in particular is excellent- it is a soft mesh that prevents the dress from clinging, without adding bulk in the hot summer weather. i typically wear more structured dresses, but the lining on this dres
As most other reviewers stated, the skirt does run a bit large and long. however, it is nothing a tailor can't fix! i plan on getting it taken in to fit higher up on my waist to make it both smaller and hit closer to below my knees rather than mid-calf. the elegance of the skirt can be dressed up or down depending on what top/shoes you pair it with. it feels well made and the coloring is much better in person than in the picture!
I love the bohemian look and fell in love when i saw this dress when i saw it online. it's pricey but i am holding on to it because it's really beautiful. i got a medium. i'm 5'2", medium built. it's just perfect. i'm tempted to get the petite but with petite, the top gets to be too short so i think i'll stick with regular size. my family loved it! the quality and detail in the dress is just gorgeous! you can easily dress this up or down.
I love this top! fits true to size. tunic length, thin comfy fabric, adorable subtle print. the perfect top!
This is my first ever review! these pants are 5-star fantastic. ordering additional colors because i love these so much and am finding i want to wear them every day. i initially ordered the bronze color which is superb, just beautiful. i was worried it might be too bright to wear to work, or be a different hue in real life, but they look just like the picture. to my happy surprise they dress up easily. it's a really rich color that i have been able to pull off at work with long sweaters and boot
I feel like an indian goddess in this dress! lots of swing to it!
This romper originally caught my eye in the beginning of the summer with the sweet back bow detail. i had originally planned to purchase for a trip to paris in june, but waited until the last minute and my size wasn't immediately available at my local store. i had honestly forgotten about the romper until i noticed it recently in the sale section ... at that price i couldn't pass it up. again it wasn't available in my size at the store location, but they were able to ship it w/in a few days. i p
Love the unique details and neutral color scheme. top is boxy but i liked the way it looked on my 5'2" 115 lb. frame. it's comfortable and well made. thicker material.  seems to be holding up fine after one washing.  looks great with skinny jeans.  highly recommend!
The little details are just beautiful. the embroidery and tassels are so cute. loose fitting just floats over the body. feels very light.
I really loved this top the minute i put it on. read the other reviews but it really worked for me. i am 5'3", 36dd, athletic build and the m fit perfectly with a nice roomy fit. top will be perfect for my upcoming trip to tahoe. plan to wear with light denim, dark denim, and black cropped denim bottoms. even looks great with a culottes or denim skirt. the weight is really nice and it washed nicely. i washed on delicate, and laid flat to dry. a little pressing and good as new. it has a nice boze
Flattering dress that looks great on. the back cut out shows some skin while still covering up a bra. the petite size fits true to size
I really wanted the dark grey, but it has been sold out in my size for many months. i finally ended up with the navy. i think they are much cuter in person, the color nicer also. i think the cuffs have been folded under in some of the pictures of the models making the shape look just a tad odd. i got my usual size, and the fit was perfect. they stretch just enough. i would get the second pair in a heartbeat.
I ordered a petite small. i'm 5'3, 135 lbs and 34b and the length was perfect and the fit was great. like the previous reviews. love you can wear a bra with it.
I love this dress so much! i got petite and the length was perfect. it was so soft and so pretty. perfect for a wedding.
Soft, comfy, flattering, just a beautiful dress. it works for any occasion. i can't express how much i love it!
The romper is well made and just plain cute. i bought it the second i saw it and don't regret my impulse buy one bit. 135 5'5" and the small fit perfectly.
I'd give this dress 6 stars if i could, it's possibly the best dress i've bought at retailer in 12 years of shopping there.  the fit is fantastic with the ruching around the waist adding camouflage  for anyone with a bit of a tummy. the cross back stamps hide a bra effortlessly (even those wide supportive bra straps that larger cupped women need to wear), the mature rial is soft and silky to the touch, the fit is true to size, the pattern is bohemian and elegant -- not hippy dippy at all. i'm 5'6"
I needed a dress to go to a reunion party(not hs) and this fit the bill perfectly. it fits perfectly and its short but not too short. it is a great work dress or change your accessories and its  perfect for out to dinner.
These cords are soft, comfy and my normal size 32 for tts. the length was fine for my 5'9 height. i really like the bronze color, it is almost a yellow.
I can't get enough of maxi dresses and i can't resist tracy reese. this stunning dress caught my eye immediately, but i was worried that the back cut out at the waist would make my backside look flatter. i'm so glad i took the plunge to buy before it sold out. this dress fits perfectly, it's flattering to my figure, the print is beautiful, the fabric and drape do not cling to my figure flaws and i'm just so happy! for sizing reference here are my stats: 5'3" 140# 36dd and i purchased the medium
True to size. length is perfect for 5'8"-5'9". soft fabric. not too low cut in the front, but not all covered up either. ruching is subtle and does not add bulk. skirt portion skims curves, neither clinging to them nor poufing out from them. strap design is perfect, covers bra while revealing a touch of skin. comfortable and effortless to wear, very very pretty.
This dress is so pretty. i loved the details on it. the material was ok. would have prefered a softer material so the bottom part of the dress would have been more flattering. unfortunately, it did not fit me right. i'm 5-2",34c, 28, 37 and the 4p fit ok. it hit just above my knees so the length was fine. what i did not like was that it was a little too loose around my waist making me look pregnant so unfortunately i had to send it back. i'm so sad cause this is a really pretty dress. you can dr
I feel like an indian princess in this dress! it isn't very forgiving, make sure you don't mind showing some skin - but there's some subtle rouching right at the spot where most of us wish we could hide at all times. great colors; boyfriend loves it.
Absolutely love this dress. i saw it online and didn't give it much thought and then saw it in the store and it was amazing. the photos really do not do it justice. the embroarding detail at the bottom is beyond beautiful in person. i agree that if you don't want skin showing you will need a black bra or black cami to over the delegate lace down the front and back of the dress. got this for fall/winter in fl and cannot wait to wear it, perfect holiday party dress!
This dress is my personal introduction to talented indian designer, ranna gill. i just love this gorgeous, free- spirited dress! i bought the regular medium for my 5'1", 34f, size 8 figure. it works very well. i will want to wear a black cami, as i'm not comfortable with some cleavage showing (maybe 3/4") and the open lines of lacy, small holes down the front and back. you might not mind showing more skin though and not need a cami. the top is not very see-through, and the skirt is lined. the re
This dress is great, and looks even prettier in person, the colors are more vibrant. the ruching is very forgiving for the belly and the length is perfect. most maxi's are too long on me, but i ordered a ps and it fit perfect. my only complaint is that it is very low cut, which i was unaware of standing up, but when i sat down at a dinner party, well, let's just say i gave everyone a show :(. recommend wearing a cami or something underneath.
I love this shirt. i'm 5' 4", 110lbs, just had 3rd baby so not into tight fighting clothes at the moment. love the loose yet flattering fit of this shirt. the sleeves are not too tight on me and i love the length.
This dress is so pretty- the colors are vibrant, beautiful pattern, the ruched part in the center hides the tummy!!! the neck line was too low for me, so had to wear a red cami underneath which hid the skin showing parts in the back around the waist. so instead of skin color, it was now red- even more prettier! no body could tell!! got so many compliments!!!
I was pleasantly surprised when this arrived. it hangs in a flattering way and the red has a nice soft hue. i couldn't believe what a great deal i got while on sale.
These crops are very well proportioned and fun. the graphic pattern is spot on trend and the unusual silhouette can spice up your pants options.  i am a fan of cartonnier and these particular pants were surprisingly generously cut in comparison to most of the styles i have. i usually need to order cropped pants in tall, but these worked with the regular inseam.
The linen- cotton blend breathes so well for a hot summer day! the design on the waistline is super cute and yes they are a little long in the leg but that can be a plus+ for vertically challenged girls like me. wedges and platforms are perfect to show off the soft drape of the pant legs. now that they're on sale, i'm snatching up other colors, like white and light khaki- already have the seersucker blue pair!
I wore this dress to a party once and haven't been able to find an outfit that can top it!
I love these pants! comfortable, light and can be dressed up for work and down for the weekend. the color is a little more saturated in person, but can't really complain about that too much!
As a lazy one, i have to confess i barely leave any reviews even though i rely on the reviews from others to make my online order decision. yes! i owe a big "thank you" to anyone who wrote a helpful and honest reviews here :) and thank you!! now it is my time to pay back to the community. this pair of jeans are just perfect - perfect design, perfect fit and perfect material, soft, cozy and hip with a good spirit.. i don't want to take it off once i put on! i am 108 pounds and 5' 3" ordered size
Adorable and amazing quality. true to size. i ordered a 6 and fit perfect.
Very nice top. flattering and goes with everything. i bought the medium in the green but would have needed the large in the white as the white was a little see through and showed more of my flaws. i agree with the other reviewer in that this top has good button placement.
This shirt has such a fun twist on an otherwise basic jean shirt! i bought this shirt on a whim despite having a closet full of denim shirts... and i'm glad i did! the fabric is the same cloth
I first bought the red & green at the store. when they went on sale bought the blue & ivory. love, love ,love these shirts! they go great with a skirt or jeans. so happy i got them. the fabric is stretchy, but still fits very nicely. what a great buy, hope to see more of this style again.
Iordered hte petite after trying the rregualr size in the store, and i will have to wear heels with the pants... or get them hemmed... the color choices are all great, i wanted navy, but i have a pair of grey ones that look similar, so i deciced on the netural if my size is stil lavaialble in yellow at sale time, i will be grabbing those as well.  i went with 25, my typical size lately (115 lbs)
I love this shirt, it's easy to belt. i just wish it was tighter.
Finding pants off the rack that fit me is always a challenge - i'm petite (5' 1'), a bit curvy and short-waisted, so many of today's low-rise styles just do not work for me. however, these pants are a better cut and come pretty close to a perfect fit - comfortable and flattering, too. i've actually had pretty good luck with pilcro pants. i always have some gapping in the waist, but it's not much of an issue with these. more than likely whatever top i wear will hide that part. i was advised by th
I absolutely love these pants! i have been searching for a pair of linen pants for quite a few years but have never really found a pair that looked good on me until now. i have usually found linen pants to lack shape and end up making me look frumpy but i really love the fabric. well, these pants actually have some structure to them and are still super comfy and soft. i bought the neutral color which is acutually a very fine tan and white pinstripe which makes the pants a bit more classy. i love
These are the most comfortable, happening pants i have ever owned! they are extremely flattering and slimming at the waist. i am a size 4 and bought the 4, and they fit perfectly. they are a bit long, but after washing and drying on low, mine shrunk enough that i can wear them with flats or flip flops, and not just heels. my 2 teenage daughters have complimented me on them saying how "modern" they look. i bought them in navy and just ordered the grey yesterday. i might go into my local store and
I love these jeans, well,i have not worn them out yet so not sure if they will stretch, but just in terms of fit and cut, i really like them. i normally wear ch or ag in 25 or 26. i got these in 25 and they fit perfectly. i love the stretch, great color, not too thin, very comfie. i was worried about too much flare, but not a problem. they are very long, but i am only 5"2 and i will be hemming them about 8 inches .
I'm an avid retailer shopper. i bought this dress for my niece, her style tends to run  bohemian/gothic. the style, fabric and overall design/quality of this dress, is something i felt she would like (even though the color is not black). she loves it - perfect fit. she accessorized it with her usual biker/moto jacket,boots, etc. but it looks awesome on her!
This dress is absolutely beautiful. i was hesitant to purchase it due to the price, but i just couldn't resist. it's so flowy and comfortable. it's quite long on me; i'm 5'5 and have to wear heels so that it doesn't drag, but could easily be fixed with alerations. i wore this to a wedding and received so many compliments.
Kicky looking pants, that i got at a bargain basement steal. i'd be kicking myself if i didn't buy them. can't wait to wear them once it warms up. they'll look great with a lightweight, boxy sweater and flats. i tried on the 4 and the 2 and the 2 is perfect. the fabric has a nice, fluid feel to it. i always swore to my husband i'd never wear plaids, but i guess i lied.
I absolutely love these pants. i got the yellow and it is a beautiful, soft color. the fabric is soft and flowing. i am 5'1", 102 lb and the 0 petite fit perfectly. some stated they are too long even in petite but i disagree. the patch pockets are darling. don't hesitate to try these pants out!
I am powerless to resist hot air balloons and had to get these the moment they popped up! the pjs are charming and comfortable. the material feels very satiny. it's hard to tell, but there are small white dots in the midst of the champagne colored background. true to size.
These pants are exactly what i expected. true to size and color were perfect! they feel so good to wear and love the detail in the sewing. perfect office attire or night out for dinner. just add a fancier blouse. ta da :) would highly recommend them.
I will be living in these this summer! i couldn't find them in my local store, so i was pleasantly surprised when i received my grey pair from my online order. the fabric feels so comfortable with just the right amount of stretch and the cut is very complimentary to those of us with athletic thighs. i was so pleased that i bought a black pair and discovered they look adorable with my tall boots and a black boxy sweater. they've already become my "go to" pants. everyone should have a fun pair of
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 143 lbs, and 38-32-40 and my normal size 10s fit me perfectly.
Gorgeous dress. perfect for something special. paired with black heels. runs a touch large. i normally wear a small (5'6 and 140 pounds) but i'm expecting so i sized up to a medium and it's very roomy. the sleeves do cap out a little too much but it's just so pretty i don't care! def a keeper.
The perfect jeans for daytime and bending down with the kids or dressing up later for night. i love that the cuff isn't sewn, so you can choose to roll them down too. with just the right amount of stretch, they are extremely flattering. they are definitely my new favorite pair this season!
These pants are so great. i am 5'10 and the talls are actually a hair too long. but no complaints! just wish they made every color available in tall. i had been waiting for new colors to get a second pair and was disappointed they are only offered in regular length. but overall these pants are super comfortable and great for work. as far as sizing goes, i wear a 29 in the pilcro cord leggings and wear a 12 in these.
Love all pilcro, this is no exception. very flattering. slim fit but not skin tight. comfy!
I am so glad i waited for this to go on sale! this shirt is incredibly soft, with great detail on the fading. i ordered a medium (5'10", 160 lbs) and it fits perfectly.
I had been looking for a chambray shirt, but am not a fan of the typical button-down style. this shirt is very versatile, but is far more interesting with the lace up neckline. i received multiple compliments the first time i wore it. the material is incredibly soft, but i haven't laundered it yet, so i am not sure how it will holdup.
These pants are flattering and comfortable, plus they are cute, cute, cute. i'm a little too conservative to wear them with a striped top, but with a solid black or ivory/off white top they are perfect. can be work appropriate with a blazer or twin set or "girlfriends'" lunch appropriate with a tee or turtleneck. highly recommend
I never write reviews but this dress is so fantastic i felt compelled to write one. it has unbelievably gorgeous detailing, from delicate beading and sequins on the bodice to the three layers of the skirt: slip, floral pattern, pleats. i literally feel like a princess/ greek muse in this dress. can't recommend it enough. true to size; i'm 5'7" and 133 lb and got a size 4.
These are great quality and hang very nice. tts. i'm 5'6" and about 130lbs and the 2 fit and hit just above the ankle.
I ordered the neutral in a 2p. i had to hem them. i 5' about 110lbs. i wore them to wore. they wore beautifully with some wrinkling to be expected with linen. but they didn't look like i slept in them. i ordered another pair same size right after the first pair came and tried them on to find the fit tighter than the first pair. a bit disappointed. debating if they'll stay or get returned. i see the notes about stretching. overall a nice pant for the money.
I own this shirt in dark green, navy, and white. it is perfect. it drapes in such a flattering way, nice weight. it shows curves in all the right ways but does not fit too snug, emphasizing every flaw. and finally... the buttons are placed perfectly so that you don't have to choose between extremely conservative or way too provocative (bra showing). well done!
Very cute. i received many compliments when i wore it. fits true to size (petite 2) with some good stretch in it. i am 5'3 and it was slightly longer than that on the model. it is a little odd that the buttons are all not the same. but perhaps that is part of its charm and it is not noticeable. it is very comfortable and the pictures are representative of what it looks like.
I ordered this in a size s, my usual size and it fits great. i love the color, style and fit of the dress. the only criticism i can think of is the braided trim on the skirt hits right at my hip and kind of, ever so slightly, poofs out a bit and i wish it had pockets. other than that it's pretty darn cute and i got it at a great price of under $40. so i will wear it as much as i can until it gets cooler. because of the rich color, i can probably wear with cute sweater and booties into the fall!
This is a great basic t that works with shorts, pants, or a skirt.
So glad i ordered this dress. it fits true to size and is extra soft. i was unsure about the color, but it looks nicer in person. the fabric is a mid weight that hangs nicely. this will go great with leggings or tights and wear into spring.
I've had my eye on this for awhile, glad it was still in stock.  really great deep wine color, soft.  more texture and detail than i had appreciated in the picture.  love.
You will love this cardigan. very well made with beautiful details. the sleeves have the same detail as the collar and the back. has darker flecks that will go well with dark pants or cords or jeans. you will love this cardi! wish it came in more springy colors. i only gave it a lower rating for quality because the first one i tried on had a sleeve that was much tighter than the other sleeve. the replacement was fine!!
This is a beautiful sweater! it is not too heavy and the variation in knit from front to back makes not the same old boring sweater. the color is gorgeous.
I just love this dress! the color, the quality, the design - all great! sizing can be tricky however. i sized down due to reading the other reviews, and i'm glad i did - it fits perfectly! this dress does not have a zipper on top, so if you have broad shoulders it might be a little harder to squeeze into.
I purchased this sweet little cami in all three colors (the black for some reason only available to order in store). the fabric is luxurious and smooth to the touch! i've purchased other silk shells by eloise and would say this one runs small. i'm 5'2" 125lbs 34c and and typically wear an xs at retailer. this tank was too tight in the chest and i sized up to a small which fixed the problem. i can't wait to make my jeans and bomber jackets for fall just a little more special with these babies!
I originally bought this dress in another color back when retailer was doing the 25% off dresses promotion a few months ago. i had seen it on a store associate at my local store and absolutely loved it, but hemmed and hawed at the original price. it was a splurge even at 25% off, but as soon as i put it on i was in love. this dress is so soft. i wore it to see some old friends, and after every hug i received a comment about how unbelievably soft it was! the material is thick enough to have a decen
This shirt is perfect for me. i have very small shoulders, but i am pear shaped. so the flare on the bottom is welcomed for my body type. i bought 2 colors. i have a similar shirt from retailer a few years ago that was multicolor which i wear all the time, so i am thankful they have repeated this design. also i did get this on sale which is a more realistic price for the quality of this shirt.
I ordered this winth some trepidation as the dress looked a bit baggy on the model. i don't typically buy this style of dress because many times, they are unflattering on me. i'm 5'6" and 130 lbs, in very good shape. the small was perfect for me. a size up would've resulted in a baggier look. the length is perfect, above my knee; not too short, but short enough so i don't look frumpy. the dress drapes beautifully, and i can wear it with tights and boots now, and capri tights and wedge sandals in
I'm: 34a, 125 lbs, 5'8" purchased: small  i was going back and forth between xs and s. i decided on small because it fit better in my arms, didn't feel as tight. the xs fit well in the torso area and didn't have as much fabric as the small. the small also had a longer shirt tail.   if you don't have as much mass in the arms, get the xs. if you have some muscle or extra mass in the arms, it's better to go with the small.
I bought this skirt a month or so ago and only wore it for the first time yesterday. i thought the design was fluid, summer appropriate, and easy like sunday morning. i enjoyed wearing it so much that i went on to the retailer site today to order it in another color. and lo and behold i saw all the reviews on the sizing/fit. i totally respect other reviewers, so i questioned why that had not been my experience when i wore it yesterday, so much so that i went and put it on again, sans issues.i am n
This skirt is beautiful...the color is definitely more a greeny-gold then a true yellow gold...nice quality fabric, has some stretch, big pockets with cute lining, buttons are adorable, perfect knee length, sits higher on the waist. because it's not lined and the pockets are big, the pocket line is visible on my thigh area, so i am going up a size just so i don't see that...if you have less curves, your regular size should be perfect. it has so much character, but it!!
This is a very classy sweater/jacket. it is a beautiful color. i had not even noticed it until it was on sale, and then read all the favorable reviews. it can be dressy or casual as seen in this photo! so glad i got it!
I absolutely love this gorgeous cardigan. i will wear it for years to come!!
I adore this dress, the perfect summer dress that you can dress up or down. the color is vibrant and the fabric flows and feels fantastic against your skin. i love that you can still wear a strapless bra with it, but with the adjustable shoulder ties you can have it go as low as you want for a more sexy look. the bottom hem is this super cute fringe, so fun and feminine. and while it is a loose fitting dress i did not feel like my figure was drowned out by the fullness of the fabric. this dress
One of the things i love most about this dress is that the straps are adjustable. you can tie them as loose or tight as you like. like other reviewers mentioned, the color of this dress is vibrant and the fringe at the bottom is the perfect detail retailer is famous for doing! i am 5'5 105 lbs and lately all of the dresses i have been buying at retailer have been xsp. i have never worn petites before, so i don't know if retailer is just making their dresses a little bigger, but i definitely have neede
Yes, this top runs large and it doesn't show your curves, but it's still really cute and fun to wear. i first purchased the beautiful sage color, and after getting compliments, i also ordered the navy version. these tops are easy to wear, have an interesting detail at the neck, and could be layered. cozy, comfortable, stylish. love mine!
This swimsuit is aaaahmazing. seafolly is an australian brand and their sizing is way off, luckily i already own a one piece by them so i knew what size to order. i am usually a 0 or a 2, chest size 34 d, and i ordered a 6 in this and it fits perfectly. taking it out of the package i wasn't sure if it would fit, but it did! the keyhole is pretty open, and the shape of the sides and high neck make some cleavage happen. i got it in black and it's really sohpisticated, but still sexy and cool. i ca
I typically wear an xs to s in tops and purchased an xs for a less flowy fit.  this top has a luxurious feel and the green color is really beautiful (more matte than shiny).  perfect piece to wear under a jacket or blazer.
Great piece just wish it fit a bit more blousy rather than cami
This top! it is so simple, but so great at the same time! it does run large, and i'm not a skinny girl... but it has a style that is certainly meant to flow away from the body as it goes down. i find the top portion very flattering and the looser bottom section doesn't take away from that. i have been wearing the olive green with fitting dark jeans and a flannel or oversized soft, washed-jean button down shirt over it for the cool spring weather. it's casual, but so comfy. it's great for loungin
Color, style, adjustability, easy fit, flattering!  yes on so many levels!  oh wait it's on sale!  fantastic, magnificent and pretty!  i bought medium and in 39-28-35
Fit is tts and comfortable. the color didn't suit mine but if the color works for you then grab it because it's a beauty
I have been searching for a comfortable pair of flared jeans to wear with tennis shoes or flats. i have tried several different brands and these are amazing! they are super soft and comfortable with just the right amount of stretch. the coloring is excellent for the casual look i am going for. the pocket detailing is cute and helps to flatter your bottom. i am 5'2" so these were very long but nothing a good seamstress can't fix. i will note that cutting of that much of the bottom will reduce som
This top is just adorable. i'm usually between an xs and a small and i went with the small and it's a little more roomy. i wanted it to be long enough. the colors are beautiful and it's a must have.
Gorgeous linen blend tee. purchased in grey and white. classic timeless staples. fits baggy which i love. for reference i am 32a 5'1 105 lbs. love love love!
I loved this top . it is beautiful.
The picture doesn't do it justice. i am wearing it right now with cream pants to work with a cardigan i also purchased from retailer and it looks amazing. the fit is true to size. i am large chested but it fit comfortable...i did go up a size so it is a little longer than i like but i think if i had picked my normal size it would have been a little too snug at the chest. still looks amazing. i feel very feminine in this blouse. good quality material.
So stunning, i had to have it for my spring wardrobe! fits true to size and fits well in the bust and is looser on the bottom. the model weara it just as it fits on me. if you have a large bust you may need to size up as the fabric isn't stretchy.
Besides being my favorite color to wear, this dress oozes vintage glamour while not looking like a costume. the fabric is super silky and will need a professional steaming to get out any wrinkles. the fit is not what i'm used to, because it fits in a 1940s type of way, and when i took it to my tailor, she ensured me that it is the perfect fit. the bodice is a bit looser than contemporary pieces, but is perfect for a night out.
These jeans hug in all the right places. the high waist accentuates my body and makes my legs look a mile long! the jeans will need a trip to the tailor to be hemmed, pooling even with my highest heels.
Beautiful dress! perfect mid length dress for the colder months. i tried a size 2 regular first (my normal dress size) but it was a little baggy, so the 0 fit perfectly.
I absolutely love this dress. i feel it's the perfect year-round piece. looks super cute with boots or booties. even with a cute baggy sweater over it. i am usually a small or medium, depending on brand. i'm a small with this one. and i actually like it worn without the button fastened in the back, it just worked better that way. it is not see-thru, though is a light material. i live in fl so i can wear year round. but up north, with tights and boots, you can too. so worth the price!
I have been hunting for a pair of high rise flares that have significant width at the bottom and these are perfect. i love the vintage silhouette and how they make your legs look a mile long and i adore how they open wide enough to cover my shoes, not to mention being long enough for me to wear a 3.5" heel and still skim the ground. for reference, i'm 5'8 140lbs with super long legs and straight athletic build. i sized up to a 30 which is usually for me in ag jeans so for the brand, they run tts
Beautiful, unique, colors perfect for winter. i received so many compliments at two holiday parties. and on sale, this is a no-brainer
The picture online doesn't do this pretty dress justice. i'm curvy, and always searching for dresses that don't make me look like a sack of potatoes. its pin tucks at the bust give it a little shape, and the print is much more vibrant in person. will look great with tights and a black blazer for dinners out.
Received this dress yesterday, love it! my initial hesitation in ordering this dress, even though it is my fav color....was rather bright for sept.. but loved it and decided to order and wear it next spring. delighted to open the package and see that the dress is much darker than in the pics...more of a jade green. it is still a summer fabric/style, however the darker color will be perfect for the warmer fall days ahead. this dress is beautifully made, superior workmanship, and the fabric i
This dress is sure to become one of my favorites! i ordered it online and the colors are even prettier in person; very vivid! it is a little light for the climate where i live right now but, i'm sure that as soon as it gets a little warmer i will be wearing it often. i can't wait!
I absolutely love this dress! i wore it with taupe tights and suede boots and got so many compliments. i have also worn it over leggings, and can see myself wearing it in the warmer months with sandals. even though the material is somewhat thin, i did not have to wear a cami with it. the fabric pattern is really cute!
I love sanctuary clothing. this parka is on the lighter side, good for this mild east coast winter. it is water repellent. the length hits me on my upper thigh and the sleeves are long ( good for longer limbs). i received many compliments.
Very flattering, not too short, beautiful. i'm 5.6, 36d, usually wear m in dresses, wide hips. the 8 fit very nicely.
Finally a white top that is not see through! this tank is very form fitting and flattering, but does not hug too tight. i am neither large nor small breasted and love the way the v-neck fits on me. for reference, i am 5'2, 105#, 32c and i got the xxs.
Very pleasantly surprised by this top! it's looser, but in a flowy not baggy way. i ordered the m. the vee is just right on me, tasteful but just low enough. love the sleeve length ordered thinking another black tee , but it's going to be well used,and great for evenings.
Gorgeous dress! fits true to size with high quality material. the colors are stunning.
I purchased this dress online after two reviews and i am so glad i did. this is a work of art and beauty and will be my go to dress for spring and summer weddings, special occasions and other events. i am so glad the arms are covered with lace and flowers. this is spectacular.
I'm either a medium or large in retailer tops. i was able to wear a medium in this top. the color is vibrant and the material is soft and light. it will be a great spring and summer top. can't wait to wear it.
This dress runs large so i sized down. when it arrived i looked at it and thought the fabric was ugly and boring for a dress. it sat there for about two weeks till i tried it on. i love it! it is so comfortable and is so cute how the pockets hang. all it need is some long necklaces or a scarf to complete the look. i get complements on it everytime i wear it. my only complaint is that it peels under the arms a little bit.
This dress is amazing ! the colors in person are so vibrant and yet organic somehow at the same time. perhaps this is because the fabric has a really nice depth and texture to it. i got this dress for a summer wedding and it's casual yet dressy at the same time.   re: fit - the best thing about this dress - is a fit ! it's so incredibly flattering on, it fits like a glove. it just hugs your figure in the most flattering way, especially if you have an hourglass figure. the fit is true to size -
I'm so happy to add this lovely and unusual dress to my fall wardrobe. i absolutely fell in love with it the moment i tried it on. i wear a two or four, depending on the designer, and the two fit me perfectly. another reviewer said it's special occasion only, but i like it so much, i'll wear it more often. with that said, it's a wonderful go-to dress for the holiday season.
This dress is so cute. i love that it has pockets. it looks great with sandels, and also ballet flats. it is airy, and run true to size. i wear a small, and it fit perfect. i even bought the other navy, and cream dress. you will wear this dress over, and over. just roll up the sleeves, and throw it on, and your ready. just love it!!!!
I purchased the green print which has so many patterns and colors which makes this dress have a very interesting look. i love that it has a drop waist because it is so flattering to most body types.the other thing i liked was that this dress came in petite sizes, perfect for me.
I will preface this review by stating that this item was available only in one size at my local retailer. they have a section of dresses mostly offered online that are in store for you to touch, see, try on and order through the store (which is much appreciated). i am normally a size 0-2/xs in retailer clothes and i will typically order a petite when available. the option my store had to try on was a regular medium which is what i have pictured here.  i mostly wanted to try it on just to get a fee
I love this top, wish they had it in more colors, i would buy more!
I purchased this with some hesitation, having read that some people thought it was unflattering. but i couldn't resist the sale price, and i love a low-maintenance work top and doesn't require ironing. this fits the bill perfectly. it's made of high quality fabric, there's a soft inner lining with a side zip closure, and it has a pretty narrow profile so initially i found it a little snug to wiggle into (i got a small), but once on it fit perfectly, and is so flattering i can't imagine why other
Should've ordered a larger size. it runs a bit tight around the top and the zipper isn't that helpful.
I'm 5'6 and between 100-105lbs. buying clothes from retailer is always a stuggle because i have a petite frame but i don't fall into the petite height range. i usually order a petite size and just deal with the shorter length, which is hard when you're all limbs. i purchased a 0r and i'm in love with the fit! the top of the dress fits under my arms perfectly! the waist of the dress also hits nicely. usually the waist of regular sized dresses falls below my natural waistline due to my short
I love the ease of this dress. the style can be dressed up or down. the straps are inset a little which doesn't work for every body type. the thin material can get caught and snag easily but otherwise this dress is a simple chic addition to my closet. the length is just right, not too long like some other maxi dresses. the lining underneath ends at the perfect length as well. the top part is lined well so it can be worn with or without a bra. i am normally a 4 or 6 in dresses. the waistband hits
I usually don't even consider this style of shirt, but i was intrigued by its soft fabric and texture. honestly, i love this shirt! it is so flattering and a perfect staple for any closet! i can wait to wear it out and about!
I had my eye on this for a while, and my store finally got it in (in tmie for the 40% off sweaters). too bad hte petite size was already sold out by then, however good thing isthe xs stil lfit me in a nice way. i wil lnever know about petite, decided to jsut purchase as is (they don't have xxs either#. the fit is on hte looser comfortable side. the red color is rich, and the design is subtle, adn will nto fall apart, so it add some interest to an otherwise typical pullover. will look nice with j
This is a great dress for those days where you just want to throw something on but still look put together. it hangs so well and feels so comfortable yet it has a style that is a combination of bohemian and part sophisticated . the colors are muted but they work so well. i wear it with flat strap sandals and have also paired it with wedges. i receive tons of compliments and have to make sure my daughter doesn't try to borrow it. would highly recommend.
Love this layering piece! a little low cut for my personal comfort, but a tank underneath works great.
I originally purchased a small after reading some of the reviews. although it did fit, i felt it was just slightly snug across the chest and upper arms. i returned for a medium (my usual size) and it was perfect. it had the same look and flow as what you see in the model pics. i love love love that it is long-sleeved and has pockets!!!!! i went ahead and ordered the other print as well! i wore the first one to work with some knee high boots and got many compliments. highly recommend!
Love love love this dress.  fits like a glove. beautiful details. amazing quality. i'm so happy with this dress and know i'll have it for years. :)
This jacket is gorgeous! the design is visually very interesting. the fabric is light enough that i can wear it to work and keep it on all day.
Love this sweater! the abstract floral design adds an understated romantic touch, the red is a beautiful rich red, and the cotton is super soft and comfy. i've tried it on with pencil skirts and jeans, and it looks great with both. i'm considering buying it in the off white too, but it does have some cons. one is the waist band hits me where it does on the model and if you look closely you can see where the sweater poof out over the band a bit--it does that on me too, unless i turn the band up t
I am totally in love with this sweater!! it is lightweight, comfortable, and very versatile. throw on a pair of jeans and it is casual. throw on dark slacks or a skirt and it is dressy. the design does not become the focus of the sweater but rather takes it up a notch making it a fun piece to wear. the color is not a light red, but rather a rich cabernet wine color. this sweater is well on its way to becoming one of my all time favorites!!
I was very nervous to buy this top, but because it was on such an excellent sale i went for it- tops like this usually end in me showing a ridiculous amount of cleavage or not being able to zip (i am a 32ddd) it past my waist. i ordered a small based on the other reviews and it fits perfectly! the wrap top is perfect and shows off my curves without showing too much. the fabric is very unique and the whole top is lined with a nice nylon/cotton blend so it is very soft and comfortable to wear. def
I tried this on at the store in the regular size it came in and thought maybe it has some potential is i ordered it for me in a petite since that's what i am. i ignored the package when i first got it thinking it wouldn't really look right but omg, it's 100% amazing and flattering. wear it with skinny jeans, leggings, jeggings, whatever and it's just super awesome on dressed up or down. i'd buy this over and over again without a doubt.
I bought this shirt to wear to work (i'm a teacher). this shirt is so amazing. i'm able to pair it with work pants to dress it up, and in denim to dress it down. the cut is incredible, with the peplum waist coming right below my breasts a little above my waist. the length is perfect, and it just seems to create the most perfect shape. the material is high quality, and i just love the fabric texture. it's very soft, and gives a tiny bit of stretch, but not much. i did size up in this shirt (i'm u
I honestly bought this shirt on a whim the other day in my local retailer. i was drawn to the color and the swing. first of all, this shirt is incredibly soft and lightweight. i love the flow of the loose peplum. the straps are nicely placed, because they're wider and accentuate my arms (and cover my bra straps). i love the little v neck detail. it shows a little cleavage when bent or hunched over, but the top stays conservative when truly upright. i wore this shirt 3 days in a row last week, and
Comfortable, relaxed fit. i am very top heavy and the generous cut of this dress worked well!
This top is comfortable and flattering. i really like the simplicity- a wearable basic summer top, with a cute twist, just enough to make it contemporary, but not overstated.
I fell in love with this dress online and went to try on in the store. i'm 5'6, 128 lbs with some boobs, usually a s or size 4. i tried on the s and xs, and ended up buying the xs - and i've never worn an xs in my life. it is long and loose, hanging right at my knees. the body is roomy, and i am thinking of having it taken in a couple of inches at the waist. there is pleating in the front that begins just below my natural waist and extends out to the hips, plus pockets (!!!). the sleeves are lon
This will be a favorite sweater this winter. it has a loose but flattering fit. i purchased the red (a deep rusty red), and it fits me exactly as it does the model pictured...slightly loose but flattering, mid hip, open neckline. you can't tell in the picture, but the neckline is rolled. i am 5'2", 140 lbs., just a bit fluffy. the small fits me perfectly. i think that you could size down from your regular size if you prefer a closer fit. the sleeves are at the top of my hands, just below the wri
I bought this dress in the green. it runs big - i usually take a s and had to return for xs - i am 5'5" and 125. it flows beautifully and can be dressed up with heels or worn completely casual with flip flops. worth every penny!!
This tank runs very true to size. i ordered my usual size 8, which fits like a glove. couldn't go any smaller. very pretty fabric which is lined above the peplum. i personally like the higher peplum, but it's a personal choice. great purchase!
This was a christmas gift to my sister. she liked it so much she wore it the day after opening it. very cute design, lovely deep red color. only thing to look out for is the potential of fabric to snag - looks like it may do so easily if wearing long jewelry. may run a bit large, but the medium for her well (slightly loose fitting garment). she is 5'7 and would probably wear a large in a typical shirt.
I absolutely adore this shirt!!! the pinkish rosey color is beautiful and ended up being better than i had imagined. i will say that the shirt is a bit more casual than i thought it was going to be, the way it hangs or something..not really sure. nonetheless, it is perfect. can be dressed up or down, which is the best quality to have in any piece of clothing! i can tell i'm going to get a lot of wear out of it.
Very versatile top! i feel like i could dress it up or down. fits very nice and the material is soft.
I feel fabulous in this plum and charcoal vest. i am 5/9" and the m'l is the perfect length and size. i was initially attracted by the external seams (and color) and was delighted with the silhouette and soft structure of the wool blend fabric. it is versatile and yet a kind of signature piece that i will wear with joy. .
This will be a great summer staple.  good fit and very comfortable.  may go back and buy another color
This dress is a vintage 20s drop hem style, not meant to be tight to form.  that said, the bottom is loose so may want to size down.  5'2, 145 lbs= s.  i bought the neutral- navy pattern and it is absolutely gorgeus!  hints of peach and beautiful lace detail.  i literally got compliments all day long- from friends and strangers.  i paired it with a dark denim jacket.  absolute must have for sale price.
This dress is very flattering. i am writing a review to share my experience regarding sizing. i am 5'7" and wear 34a.  i tried on a size 0 that was at the store as a return and there was about a 3 inch gap to get the side zip closed. although i  normally wear a size 2, i ordered size 4 because of my experience with the dress at the store.  the size 4 is slightly big across the bust but looks ok. i think the size 2 would've been too tight.
Love this sweater! great for work. very soft and comfortable. color is gorgeous!
I love tiny's aesthetic--sweet, feminine, yet always with a slightly sexy edge. this dress doesn't disappoint! during 90% of the year, i'm always cold. finding cute dresses with long-sleeves is almost as challenging as finding a unicorn. this dress is near casual perfection. i plan to wear it on breezy summer nights on a cruise to greece i have coming up. it would also be a perfect spring/fall dress before the seasons change or could be worn in winder with tights and a cardigan. see, near perfec
I've already worn this dress 4 times and i bought 3 weeks ago. easy to wear, comfortable and flattering. i love and wish it was available it more patterns.
I was really drawn to this burgundy color on this sweater, but wasn't all that impressed with the style. as soon i tried it on, wow it is very flattering. the color is gorgeous, i can see myself using it with jeans, pencil skirts, pants. for reference it does run large, i am usually a x large but i got a large and fits beautifully.
Love this dress! it's even prettier in person. i found the sizing a little bit on the large side, but i read that many others had the opposite problem, particularly in the bust where i'm small/average for my size. even though it's a little big on me, it looks and feels great.
This dress is beautiful in person. i am 5'1 and was afraid it would be too long but it was perfect. i only need 2 inch heel and it will be fine.  details on the flowers are really nice. one more plus it machine washable.
I got this coat to throw over slacks at work with the ac, and it's perfect. the picture online is less flattering than in person. found that the medium was too large in shoulders and arm length, small was right for 140lb, 5'8", typical size 6.
Love the fabric, so soft and comfortable. it gives a very flattering silhouette. love those pants.
This dress is gorgeous- it's one of those retailer dresses that i find worth the price because of how unique and beautiful it is! i found it to fit tts. although the zipper does take a good tug to get over the fabric seam, it fits perfectly. if you have a bigger chest (d+), i would foresee this dress being too snug. however, i am a c and it fits just right! i wore it to a backyard wedding with flat sandals and simple gold hoops, but i love the idea of styling it with a jacket and some wedges or bo
I am normally a size 4/6p in all things retailer but read the reviews and opted to go petite on the maxi and size up. i went with the 8p and even with a 32d bust, had no trouble zipping and it fit beautifully. the band is a tad loose, but any tighter wouldn't have fit in the bust. this dress hangs beautifully and is incredibly flattering, especially for those of us with an athletic build.
I've received so many complements when i wear this tunic. it's so comfortable and fits great. the fabric is light and feels good against my skin. this is, by far, my most favorite purchase from retailer and i wear it all the time with my leggings. love, love, love this tunic/dress!!
I tried this top on at store and didn't want to buy at full price even though it made my heart skip a beat with how adorable it was. it is even cuter on. so when i saw it finally went on sale and i got an additional 20% off i immediately ordered!!!! it is flowy, comfortable and fun. wore it today layered with a black turtleneck and long black vest.
Tiny are experts at making busy bohemian shirtdresses that look casual but retain a feminine drape.  it skims over my trouble spots without adding bulk.  this is my fourth dress from this label and it does not disappoint.  for my frame and style i chose tts but those of slender & petite builds may want to size down.  for reference i am 5'3" 140# 36dd.
Love it- super cute. can wear it to work with blazer or out at night. i'm 5'3" and got a size small, a little shorter in the front but that seems to be style, fits great
This is the perfect dress! for summer, fall, winter or spring, it is flattering and looks cute with booties, flip flops, brogues or barefoot! runs a teeny bit large - i wear a small to medium and the small is perfect! i might just buy the other color it comes in!!!!
For me to buy a tank top it better be special and this is. flattering without being skintight, it camouflages that little back bacon you sometimes get from a bra. the v-neck is low and is the same in the back. great length, super soft and the best part is you can wear a bra! i haven't washed this yet, but based on other reviews i'll probably hand wash and air dry. the only issue is the tag flops out every now and then.
This top looks just as it does on the model and it fit just as they said it would. i needed a nice shirt to wear with jeans and camouflage my new-mommy tummy and this was perfect! it's really comfortable and fun, too!
I love everything about this top! the fabric, the color, the fit! great top for spring and summer!
Another reviewer said it best, "i love the way this dress makes me feel." i couldn't agree more. the lines are perfect and effortless.  with all the different reviews on size, i went into the store to try it on. i am usually always a s or m at retailer and a s fit perfectly. i think sizing down any more takes away from the casual look of the dress. i am 5' 5", 130, and have a small bust.
I got this in the wine, which is a beautiful color. the design is nice and looks expensive (but i'm not sure how it will hold up), the fabric is very nice, medium weight and drapes well. it is a little boxy but would be nice to layer over a button down.
Love this. can be a jacket or blazer syle. fits well.
The colors, style and fit were great. this dress you could wear on many different occasions. all around great piece to own!
I ordered my usual size small and it was very large on my 5'5", 112# frame.  my daughter loved it so she scored.  i ordered another one in xs, perfect though the sleeves run long! i have long arms.  can be dressy or casual.
I got the dark purple color of this top and it is perfect! i wear it all the time. it's comfortable and it's cute! plus if it gets cold i can throw a warm sweater on top of it.
This dress looks beautiful on. it's very flattering and comfortable to wear. it runs true to maeve's dress sizing which for me means in these dresses i always get one size larger than what i normally wear. on my 5'3" height the regular was just above the knee. great for giving you the illusion of the figure you want even if you don't have it naturally !
I absolutely love this tee! i normally don't buy two of the same thing, but i bought it in both black and mauve during a december sale. i ordered a size small, and it fits tts. it can be worn with leggings or skinny jeans/cords. i love pairing it with skinny jeans and boots best. it's very slimming and so soft.
This tee is amazing! it is so soft and comfortable. and is great for those of us who are tall, it has great length! i went with a medium because i didn't want it too tight. i really hope that retailer restocks soon because i want to buy one in every color!
Super comfortable!! i am 34 weeks pregnant and i works great for me now and i think it will be perfect post baby also!
Like the other reviewers, this is my new favorite tee. it's so freaking soft, and the ribbon down the back just gives a little added flare. pure+good has been one of my staple brands for basics for a while, and i will definitely be buying more colors in this. the length is perfect for leggings, and it would be cute with jeans too.
Cute top and flattering to wear. fits nicely and i'd say true to size. can't wait to wear it.
Well fitting bra, comfortable (not itchy), lace doesn't show through tops.
Purchased in the light grey and was so excited, i wore it the very next day. the back detailing and pocket make it more unique than a regular tee and the fabric is slightly heavy (in a good way) so it hangs beautifully. easily can be dressed up or down. new favorite tee!
Ordered this on a whim while taking advantage of a promotion, and now need one in every color! the weight and cut is perfect for fall/winter/summer - not too heavy, but not sheer/tissue thin; fitted enough to look super cute with leggings or skinny jeans. fabric has a nice quality feel to it - i have similar shirts from the past that have held up well in the wash. i'm anticipating the same with this.
Oh my! i love this tee. it is super soft. i love how it doesn't look like a sack with no shape. i can't wait to get more colors. i am tall plus have a long torso and it still is long enough for me so this is definitely a win!
Love this shirt. i am 5'8 and have a slender torso and the small fits perfectly. i love that it's long so you can wear it as a single shirt or use it as an extra layer. i also have a grey druzy necklace to dress this puppy up. purchased it in black and this will be a new staple.
This jacket was a gift for my daughter,it fit like a glove and she loved it !
This top is so soft and comfortable. i bought it on sale, so would i have paid $60 for it . . . . not sure. fits true to size, what can i say its a simple top, well made and so soft.
I love simplicity in clothing and this tee fits the bill! i put it on and instantly feel basic elegance.
I am 5'10", 130 pounds. a medium is a perfect fit for me. i love it! not so sheer that i feel that i need to wear a cami underneath, sleeves are long, and it is so, so, so soft. the scoop neck shows just the right amount without being too revealing. i am buying one in every color.
Fits great! love soft material. love with skinny jeans brown boots
I bought this dress in a sm for a cruise i'm taking soon. i don't have much of a waist, kind of straight like a board, and this dress is very flattering on my figure. the skirt fits snug and the top drapes nicely over my waist. very pretty and flowy. i bought the multi color stripe dress and the vertical stripes enhance the beauty of the dress.
Comfortable casual, hip. i have the black & white color which is a bit thicker than the other colors which i prefer as i recently had a baby and need a little extra fabric. i wish the fabric was a bit softer but the cut is so flattering there was no way i was sending it back. i wish the other colors were in the same thicker fabric and i would have ordered more. my new go to top. the black ribbon on the back is my favorite part.
This is one of the cutest tops i've ever gotten from retailer. the material is very soft and flowing. it fits true to size and hange beautifully. love it. i should have gotten he turquoise one too!
Love this shirt. it fits great and can be easily layered!
Agree with the other reviewers. this top is excellent. great length, weight & bounce to it, flattering without being clingy. i'm 5'10" with a long torso, so i'm always in the market for tops with longer hemlines and decent material without being too tight or clingy. this one i love! i bought it in black, then went back for the turquoise, then two more... if that doesn't tell you what a great shirt this is, i don't know what will.
I need one in every color. so super soft.
Got this shirt on sale and i hope they restock so i can buy more. super comfy and flattering at the same time. i have some extra baby weight and it camouflages that well. i'm normally a 6-8 but i'm an 8-10 right now and the medium was perfect. i'm 5'6" and its plenty long enough to wear with leggings. a great shirt and i'll be sure to watch out for this one to come back. please restock!
Easy to wear.  the fabric is super soft and the shape is very flattering.   i really like the shirt hem at the bottom.
Love these pajama bottoms. they are so comfortable and the print is fun and unique. i highly recommend. they run true to size and have a great length. they look short on the model but mine are perfect.
I almost never take the time to write reviews but this shirt is amazing... it's a super soft, stretchy, substantial fabric that is incredibly flattering. it falls perfectly and is insanely comfortable. i am 5'5" 120 lbs and usually wear an xs or s in retailer tops... i went with the xs and it is a perfect fit. love it so much i bought it in 4 colors... i am now completely broke but these shirts will be in constant rotation.
I am so glad i had read the other reviews of this jacket which prompted me to order. great fit and cut with a hint of stretch, nice styling details, great vintage color. i wasn't in love with the price but after receiving the jacket i would gladly pay the price again. will definitely be in my wardrobe rotation for years to come!
This shirt looks and feels fabulous. i got black and white and received a ton of compliments. wore with boots and leggings and fun jewelry.
This is the perfect casual top to wear alone or layered with a cardigan. love it!
I love joggers, best style to come along in awhile. i think these are well made and i like the fabric. i just wish the leg were cut a bit slimmer but that's just a matter of preference. i definitely like them and will keep and wear.
Beautiful colors. lightweight flannel, so a great pair of sleep pants that can be worn year round. i ordered a s, my typical size, which turned out to be quite large on me. hopefully the xs will fit better.
Although i wish this was not so dark blue for summer, it is the most fabulous cut, super sexy with the tie neckline and love the side pockets... and did i mention the fabric is ridiculously soft? i just wish it was more of a blue denim blue but nonetheless, i could not walk away from the store without this. i am 5'9, 142 lbs and medium fit me perfect for length in the leg.
I've been looking for a staple long-sleeve tee for a while now, and i think i've found it! i bought this tee in my usual retailer size of medium and the fit is perfect. the material is soft, the cut highlights an hourglass figure without clinging in the wrong places. the sleeves are long enough, which can sometimes be a problem for me. the length is perfect to wear with leggings without being too long. i'll be back for more colors!
I love this top, it's long enough to to wear with leggings and the ribbon in the back really dresses it up. the only negative is that the material pulls easy and only on the space dye color, not the solids but i still love it! for reference i ordered xs and it fits perfectly i am 5'2 125lbs
Just received this and absolutely love it! i tried the vienne cardigan in the store and i assumed this one would fit the same (since online exclusive), which it does. this one though has the whimsical left grey sleeve with trees, a fence and sheep on the sleeve - very cute. it's a traditional knit design with a twist of modern design being the cape style. it is a bit cropped but fits well and the hood lays nicely. there were a few too many stray threads when i received that i needed to cut off.
This shirt is amazing! it's an excellent heavier weight quality t-shirt, but so comfortable. if you are looking for the perfect shirt to pair with your leggings and boots this fall/winter/spring, this is it! i am 5'8" 136 lbs and this perfectly covers my rump and the small fit perfectly. the band around the wrist is a nice touch, making this a higher quality tee. i am buying more colors.
So soft. this is the best basic tee i've bought in a long time and it fits so nicely on my frame. i'm 5'8" ans 130 lb, medium bust and got an xs.
This is the most perfect tunic out there. it is comfy, flattering and fits perfect. it can be dressed up or dressed down. definitely worth it to buy in every color!
These pants are so comfortable and cute!! you can dress them up or down!
I'd been eyeing this dress since it first appeared online, but when i went to order, there was no petite sizing. then when shopping, i noticed the carbon color in the petite section of my local retailer. i grabbed my usual ps, and although it was okay, i decided to try the xs for comparison. the slightly closer fit made all the difference, suggesting that i had a figure underneath, but not tight anywhere. nice weight to the fabric, it drapes beautifully and the lacing detail is very popular now. a
Exactly what i was looking for. cozy, not too warm, fits comfortably and roomy without looking baggy. the print is beautiful. will definitely be buying more sleepwear from retailer!
I saw this top in the store and wanted to try it on but my 18-month-old son was getting cranky so i had to leave. i kept thinking about it and was planning to go back and get it and then i checked online and it was on sale! i purchased the pink and i'm ordering the blue as well. it's very comfortable and i received several compliments when i wore it. i haven't washed it yet but the fabric seems to be sturdy.
I tend to peruse the sale section when i am avoiding my work (quite often). i came across this top, but had never seen it before it was put on sale. i was intrigued by the sleeves, but concerned that the pattern might be too ornate. i was happily surprised when i tried it on. the fabric was thick, which i find highlights curves and hides rolls. the detail was enough that i could dress it up, but not so much that i felt awkward wearing jeans.
These are long, easily wear with skinny jeans, they do not cling and are not see through! the colors are great!
Love this t-shirt! i live in miami and have a 5 month old so i practically live in shorts and t-shirts, and this shirt fits beautifully and adds a little extra pop to your everyday t. love the material too!
I tried this shirt and really loved the feel, and the scalloped sleeves. i have a couple shirts by this brand that also have beautiful embroidery, and i always find myself drawn to their clothing. the fit wasn't too boxy on me, but i'm between m&l, and sized down, so that might have helped. if i didn't have so much of this color in my wardrobe already i probably would have snatched this up!
So super soft and comfortable - great to throw on to run errands with ease while still looking stylish - the lace up front makes it more special that just a standard tee shirt dress
The fit and feel of this top is lovely. great shirt to layer. fits great, i get compliments every time i wear it.
I purchased my wife this shirt for christmas and she loved it! the quality of the shirt is amazing and now she wants them in every color! even though she says she's kidding, i really know that she isn't.! :#  the information i fill out #below) is about my wife, not me!
This is such an incredible jacket. total show stopper and well worth the investment.
I tried this on at the store and had to buy this dress. it's adorable on and the fabric is really soft. very flattering too!
Great dress! i am always looking for knee length dresses that are comfortable and easy to wear. i am really active with my kids and this dress can be worn on a casual day with sandals or dressed up. the fit was flattering for me, although i am not very curvy and could see that it might not flatter all shapes. i am 5'5'' and 120 pounds and the size four fit great.
I love these shirts. ordered in 2 colors and they are great with leggings and skinny jeans and scarves. so comfortable and on me a little long but not too long!! the fabric is fabulous and a great weight. one of my favorites for sure.
After reading the reviews, i decided to order this top. i was so pleased, and when i wore it for the first time, i had someone ask me where i got it. it is perfect with leggings because it is long enough to cover my leggings in the front as well as in the back. i want to order it again in different colors.
I very rarely pay full price for anything, let alone this much for a t-shirt. but i actually paid full price for this in two colors. that's how much i love this shirt. the pink and the turquoise are beautiful, and i'm thinking of asking for the mauve for christmas. i love how heavy the weight is, the length of the torso is long enough, the length of the sleeves is actually long enough. i love the ribbon down the back. it's flattering and comfy and perfect. i'm 5'8", 140lbs, 34b and the small fit
This dress is very clever. fabric is on thicker side so it eliminates any worries about dimples or imperfections. the tie at neck line is effortlessly sexy and not at all trashy as another reviewer felt. you could tie it if you didn't want any cleave, or leave it looser for more casual look. i got the small bc i felt comfortable with a little cling given how forgiving the fabric was. it still showed shape when i walked. i was surprised to like it as much as i did. husband insisted i get it becau
Like the previous reviewer stated, it's more like a cape. i'd to call it a cape-digan. style: super comfy, loose fit for comfort. fabric: high quality, just right thickness (not too thick, not too thin), snuggly soft, doesn't pill with wear. design: totally retailer cute and quirkiness, top of the back has the same gray as the sleeve for continuity, and the sleeve has sheep and a fence (how cute is that!). this is a very versatile sweater, goes with everything, and so comfortable that i reach for
Currently own this in 5 colors after originally buying one. i'm 5'10" normally wear a medium, bought a small in this. best material and fit overall, perfect length for long torso
I definitely would recommend this top. when i put it on i felt it was true to size, and fit me very well. sometimes my retailer tops tend to be a little roomy, but not in this case. the fit was very nice and its embroidery details make it a special look that i can throw on with my jeans and still look put together. i know this will be a top i wear often.
This is my first demin jacket ever as all the ones i ever tried were too stiff, and far too boxy and long on me. i need to thank all the reviewers who helped me take the plunge. . got the size xs regular which is only slightly snug at bust when buttoned and a tiny bit long in the arm for me (5'2", currently 33-25-37 with narrow shoulders and torso). very flattering look. if this jacket comes out in a new darker wash version i will definitely also try a petite size s. . the one i got in the mail
I ordered these joggers in holly size m. for reference, i am 5'5, 138 lbs, i have a small waist with *thicker* thighs and bum. i was worried that these would make all my "flaws" stand out as so many joggers in the past have, but these are not that way at all! they are so comfy and just right! they could easily be dressed up or down. these joggers could quickly replace your everyday jeans or black leggings habit to add a new, more stylish twist!
This skirt is perfect-it can be dressed up or down depending on what you wear with it. it is a thick fabric so it keeps you warm (being a freeze baby i really like that). while the fabric is thick, it is soft, and it is moveable rather than being super stuff. it is not at all itchy. it is a little longer than i would prefer in a pencil skirt but i ended up keeping it anyway. this was somewhat compounded with the fact that i did end up sizing up on this dress. my normal size tending to stay at my
Love this top!! great colors and fits great reasonably priced
This sweater is so soft and warm and i love it with the matching leggings. i say it is true to size, however i ordered it a size up so that it covers the bottom/crotch area when i am wearing the leggings. normally wear an xs, ordered a small and it works well. it is very well made. i absolutely love it!
So comfortable and warm! so nice to lounge in a cold day and be cute!
Ordered online and love it,exchanging however from s to m 'cos the fit is so perfect and i want to allow for extra room at the festive season:)
I found this top to run very large. i wear a medium in most retailer tops but often a large in other brands, i had to return this for a small. it was worth the effort however, extremely cute top that i can see wearing on its own or under a blazer for a night out.
I saw the two star review and wanted to share my opinion. i saw this item that had been returned to a store and i love it. the fabric is a bit sheer and i think will require a nude tank underneath, but i think it's adorable. don't be scared away by the review below!
This sweater is actually so cute on, i had no idea, nut decided to try it on, since it was on sale. what a msitake, i had to actually buy it!  the grey part is very soft and warm, the design part is nice and flattering. nothing wrong with this sweeater!  note: i a,m petite (5 foot 1.5 inches) and decided to buy the regular size for longer length...
Love this sweater. bought this with the matching leggings. couldn't be more comfortable. cozy fabric. cute details. loving them both. please bring more of the same in different colors, patterns.
I like having lightweight summer pajamas, and these are perfect. the print is so much cuter in person and the fabric is wonderfully silky. the pants themselves seemed to run a little bit small. i ordered them in xs and s and ended up keeping the small. overall a great purchase.
So cozy and warm, great for the cold nights!
I found this blouse to be just a lovely spring and summer top. the netting in back adds interest and the dusky peach floral print is extremely pretty. the tiered layers add a slimming effect and it can be worn casual or for dress. it could even be worn in the fall with the right sweater. i just love it and feel so feminine when i wear it.
I had to write a review on this one because i am obsessed with it, it is the softest and yummiest sweater ever and i plan on wearing it constantly!
This pullover is great for lounging! so warm and cozy!
I love this dress! i would definitely accessorize with a belt. my body type fits best in this style of dress because i don't have a big bust size, if you do i would try it on first. for being shorter, 5'3", i love the length.
This multi-season dress fits beautifully, the colors are vibrant and the skirt has a nice weight, drape and swing to it. the skirt is slightly asymmetrical as some reviewers noted but it's probably not noticeable to anyone but the wearer.
I bought this dress to wear to a wedding and it is a stunner! really one of the most gorgeous dresses i've ever owned. it is very very fancy and really i'd say most appropriate for a black tie event, an evening wedding or a mother of the bride or groom. superb quality... just amazing! i have a few bryon lars dresses and this one seems to run about true to size. the others i own seem to run a little large.
I ordered the purple color and the first time i wore it, i received multiple compliments on it.  i noticed in the prior reviews that it runs big so i ordered an extra small instead of my usual small.  it fits well other than the two buttons at the top of the neck are very small and difficult to button.  i'm tempted to order the red color.
The dress looks great both in winter and summer, either paired with tights and a light jacket or on its own. it runs true to size--was able to buy it online. the fabric is great for all day wear--doesn't wrinkle too much.  the only con is that the darts over the breasts are a little pointy for my taste, but i still love the dress.
I got some nice things for christmas but this (along with the matching leggings) was hands down my absolute favorite gift! so stylish, so cozy, the perfect length to cover your bottom, the perfect fit (38dd and ordered an xl), love the pockets, i could go on and on. the perfect set to lounge around the house in. sleeves are a bit long so i had to fold them. when i say it is "the perfect fit" it is oversized (not huge) but it is roomy and that's how i like it as loungewear.
Looks great with skinny jeans, leggings, trouser/ wide leg. good length for a flattering look. longer in front on me than on model.... so soft. doesn't cling. not overwhelming because the sleeves are skinny and drape is narrow.
This is a beautiful top. i purchased this in the green/moss color. it's reminds me of a vintage looking blue-green. it fits generously, has more of a swing style to it. i love it! i think it is romantic and feminine. glad i made the purchase. simply beautiful.
Very pretty design. hugs the body correctly. it's a little tight in the chest for me - i'm a 34c (large c) and i have some back chub so i'm using this fact to motivate me to get in shape for the spring. keeping the dress and hoping for a better fit in a few months.
What a pleasant surprise! hugs in all the right places and a nice substantial material!
I am 5'8", about 140, athletic build. i purchased this dress for business meetings and such. i was worried the dress was going to be too low cut but i  am small chested so i can wear lower cuts without exploding out of it. luckily this is the case here too! the dress has a professionally sexy look which i love. nice fabric, good quality. happy i bought it!
This dress has become a favorite in my rotation. the cut and print flatter my body and accentuate my waist. the print is subtle enough to pair with bold accessories.
Perfect fit, great material, torn in just the right places. can't wait to see the stevie jeans for the fall esp. in corduroy!
I am 5'3" 130lb and i bought this dress in a petite small which fit perfectly. the dress hugs my figure nicely.  unfortunately, i found that the neckline is cut a bit too low to wear to work, at least for my own comfort level, but i just wear a camisole underneath it for work and without for a date. i was really pleased with the purchase of the dress.
Adorable, well-made skirt! lined and very slimming. i had to size up b/c it runs a bit snug around the waist. however, it's worth it b/c this will match many long and short sleeve tops!
Love the asymmetrical hem. waist fit snugly as in perfectly. it ties in two spots with a hidden zipper as well. a little stiff in the fabric. classic colors but decided not to keep only because i didn't feel like we could wear it all year round.  can't petite or 0p was great (115 lbs)
Great pants! i love the style and fit! would highly recommend!
I love this top! yes, it is quite transparent, but just needs a light colored cami (i like the reversible scoop and v-neck tanks at retailer)! it's incredibly soft and light for summer time. the black motif is more like a slate gray contemporary pattern. i also really like the sewn in v-neck line. it gives the shirt a more professional touch. i'll be wearing it for work with a dark blue blazer.
I'm so sick of all workout tops being baggy. they look sloppy on my frame. this top is ultra soft and fits great! the black/white one looks more heathered grey in person. i ordered an xs as all tops lately are just huge on me. i should be a small and i will be returning for that proper size.
This is a great sweater/poncho. is a little short so i wear a t shirt underneath. great color and looks good with black pants or skinny jeans.
I love this dress! it fits me so well and is extremely comfortable. i can't wait until it gets a little warmer so i can wear it with a trench and cute flats or heeled sandals.
Surprisingly versatile and figure flattering without being too clingy and revealing like so many "bandage" dresses. the navy color softens the stripes. great piece for travel as it is light and does not wrinkle. i am 5'7" and 125 lbs. with a smaller chest and curvy hips. the small fits perfectly.
Beautiful fit and true to size. highly recommend. they are long and you will need to have them hemmed but they are soft and feel amazing on.
Love this skirt, beautiful fabric and lined. looks great with a tailored jean jacket by pilcro or the window pain patterned retailer cartonnier jacket. i chose the size 8 though a little snug in the waist it fit better than the size 10. i am 150 lbs and 5'4 inches and curvy with small waist but curvy hips with a tush so this cut is perfect for my shape. i love the asymmetrical design with how the skirt will partial zip and the fabric attachment underneath with hidden button. love the edgy look. so
I am usually drawn to more color but the vertical and horizontal lines of this dress made me curious. the fit is absolutely incredible! i like the fact that it is very easy to put on without any zippers or buttons as well. it hugs your body in all the right places. i had no issue with the dress riding up and the way the designer placed the lines makes this one even more flattering. gorgeous dress!!
I love this top!!!! the design, quality, and look are all insanely gorgeous. i got this top during the 20% off tops promo, which helped so much with the cost, and i was trying to use up a store credit i had on something of high quality. (after going through a whirlwind of exchanges that resulted in much disappointment.) i couldn't be more thrilled with this choice! it is so flattering on, beautiful color and cut. the only complaint i have is slightly minor, and it's in relation to the hidden bac
I bought the color "black motif"although the markings look more dark purple and are similar to tie dyed coloring which is one of the things i love about this top. the fabric is so soft and i love the way the neckline falls. it is slightly sheer so may want to wear camisole underneath. personally i'm fine without it. looks great with jeans. i also tried it on in the "blue motif" which is the stripe version but found nothing special about that one.
If you have an hourglass figure this dress accentuates your curves. i do need to wear a tank underneath as dress is low cut.
I liked the understated colors of this dress, so i decided to try it on. i did not expect it to fit so well! i'm 5'3" with a large bust and large hips. the dress was super slimming and flattering, it skimmed my figure as if it was made for me. the only thing i'd have to fix is the shoulder straps being just a smidge too long, but i'm used to that with my height. the straps are positioned perfectly, my bra straps didn't even show. the material is very thin and light.
First off, i love the dress! i love anything that you can throw on for a monday and be ready in 20 minutes. the material is good but the compartments for the bust do not hold a d+cup. i ordered the 6 and it fit perfectly except in the bust. easy fix, a white cami, the sale price makes that necessity acceptable. it's a keeper.
Love these! i'm a big fan of ag stevie jeans and these are no exception. the mid rise is terrific and the distressing is cute without being crazy. i like how the holes are not at the knees, which can be annoying when bending your legs. i would love to see these offered in a darker rinse and also in a cropped length. fit is perfect on these - fun and flattering! keep the stevies coming retailer!
I fell in love with this vest  the minute i saw it on the hanger.  it runs true to size and the material is excellent quality .  it looks great with jeans and a tee and also something dressier. i wore it over a navy blue wide-leg jumpsuit, and it looked truly amazing!  i  received so many compliments!  i also purchased the lace tie up top that it is featured with and can't wait for that to come in.
This is a beautiful color top! it can be dressy or casual but the design is spectacular! i paired it with one of the new retailer pencil skirts and everyone in the store looked it! i wish they had other colors!!!!!!
Love this vest- it's so chic and pairs with so much.  i have it in the army green and it's prefect to wear over a romper or white jeans and top.   it's great.   i am about 5'2" and an typically a small top-  the small was much to big but the xs was perfect. i would consider trying to size down if you are uncertain. i am very happy with my purchase!
These pants fit great!! i ordered my normal medium and they fit perfectly. i was worried that they may look too much like pajamas and lot look right with my stomach but no issues there. i think i will get a lot of use out of these!
I love this vest, bought it in green and want to order white. its very flattering, and i wore it with a black tank top, ripped faded stevie cropped jeans, and gold gladiators. i would like to mention the care. i dripped something on the lapel, so i tried cleaning it off with a wet towel. it made a lighter mark, so i washed as recommended in cold water on gentle in the machine. i hung it to dry, and it dried stiff and a little wrinkled so i threw it in the dryer to soften it up. it lightened up a
Wore it to an interview. the color is fantastic. it's beautiful and artsy. highly recommend!
I fell in love with this in the store. i am petite at 5'3" and 110 lbs and i went with the regular size 0. i agree with another reviewer that the petite sizing would have been too short. the color is rich, the quality is fabulous and i love the style. it is not fitted, but i also found that it wasn't too wide either. if you're looking for a fitted top, this wouldn't be the one. but if you love a well-styled top with a bit of volume that you can rock with a pair of skinnies to balance it out, the
I ordered both colors in size xl and they're each now favorite purchases. the fit is true to size--it matches the photos. the orange/white/brown/red combo works great with the orange version of the indra tassel necklace.  the tops are sheer so i wear a tank underneath. the green floral version will have some variations because of pattern placement. both are so unique & charming! i've been pairing them with different retailer cardigans & necklaces. they've washed well too--in a mesh bag on gentle &
I saw a stylist wearing a similar piece from a few seasons ago and commented that i liked it on her. i was told they had a different version (a few actually) and i decided to try it on. it actually is pretty flattering, i had flared jeans on but also could see it with a dress. i left it open, as pictured, tied one button, and also played with the neck and tried a cowl... all very nice.  i debated getting my usual xs petite, but hey, they don't make it in petite, and the stylist thought the loo
These are a great casual workday pant. the loose fit and light weight material makes it a great summer option.
I went out on a limb ordering this romper. it's not really in my "wheelhouse" the whole romper thing. but it was a home run! i was afraid it might look too young and that i couldn't "pull it off," but the long sleeves and overall style was perfect. and my twenty something nieces were obsessed with it as well. as far as fit, i'm 5'7" 134lbs and ordered a size 4. i have a long torso and was concerned because some people said it ran short there, but i didn't have any trouble with that. i just took
I saw both of these blouses several months earlier and anxiously waited for them to go on sale. definitely worth the wait. the quality and designs are superb true to size
I love this so so much. i'm 5'1" with a short torso and post baby 34d boobs. the 6 petite is perfect. it's the first romper i found that fits me in the crotch, height, and leg area. so excited to wear this!
I ordered these in the neutral and the fabric and construction are everything i hoped they would be. they are a lovely light weight rayon that i think will be very comfortable in hot weather. the printed fabric is really pretty.  sadly, they seem to run on the large size. i wear size 14 pants, but the xl was too baggy in the legs and a little too large in the waist. i am sending them back and getting the smaller size.
I bought this in green and i absolutely love it! the quality of material is very fantastic, a durable fabric that will hold up well over time. its a good quality too, so can be dressed up somewhat, and also does well as a very casual piece. love it!
Another success! so comfortable and stylish for spring and summer. very lightweight yet not sheer. design is even more appealing in person. a must have for your closet.
Love this blouse! the color is really unique and love the back button detail. i dont think the white buttons look cheap at all as another person pointed out - they add a lot to an already beautiful top. can't wait to wear it!
Love!!!! i got the green and it goes with so much!
Love these pants. bought both the navy and the white. they are comfortable and a perfect fit. the xs is just right. i'm normally a 26 in denim and i was fearful these would either be to small in an xs or too big in a small but the smaller size is just right. soft and silky. they fall in a lovely way.
This is a gorgeous high quality blouse. the color is stunning in person; i don't have anything like this color in my wardrobe. i'm an xl in retailer tops, and purchased this blouse in a 16. i am busty but the top still fit well. i have large upper arms but the sleeves fit fine; i wish they were a bit looser but that is my personal preference and probably doesn't apply to most people. if you're very thin and not busty you might be able to size down, but i'm honestly just not sure. i'm happy to say
Hi, i bought these in both colors. the material is very nice. for me the only part of the pants that stretched was the waistband. sadly i had to return them.
Purchased these in both colors today. (great sale price.) hei hei is my favorite brand of pants, especially their pull on prints. i am always a medium, these ran slightly large in the waist and stomach. i tried on a few mediums and luckily found the smallest in each. the beige motif is beautiful and can really be dressed up. the material is soft the color scheme is gorgeous. they have a lovely silky feel to them. i always wear an over top so the little bit largeness won't bother me. being on
This is my second pair of joggers from retailer and since this purchase, i have bought another pair. it seems that they are just a great fit for my body, long and lean, but not extreme. someone said they run large, but my experience is true to size. these pants can be very casual around the house, out for errands or dressed up and worn for casual evenings out. i love that the elastic waist isn't bunchee. they hang very straight and pretty, just like in this picture. the fabric has some text
Got these in 28 and they fit like a dream.  the best medium wash, so versatile for all seasons.   i love the rise because it sucks in my pooch.  sometimes i wear 29 or 28 in paige.  i have a wide waist, slim hips, flat bum--these jeans help me look shapelier.
Love love love these pants!!! super comfortable and fit true to size.
I always love the arielle jeans. every color seems to be slightly different in the fit, but they are always slim enough in the leg and thigh to be stylish without being too restricting. to echo the other reviews, the pockets are a little low on these compared to other arielle cut jeans that i already own. i have a fairly straight, athletic shaped body and went with my 'larger' size to wear them as more of a boyfriend fit. the fabric is a very soft and forgiving denim and the dark color can be dr
I'm a 32dd, so i wouldn't normally wear a bralette out of the house (not enough support). this bralette is actually very supportive and comfortable. i'm probably going to get at least one more. for reference, i'm a 32dd (small back, big boobs) and a small fit me extremely well.
When this piece arrived, i was surprised at how weightless it was. there are 2 layers to it, an underlayer and then a very fine silk toplayer together, the ensemble is incredibly light and it is almost as though i feel like i am not wearing anything at all. to take it home, i did have to kind of stuff it in my bag, and this caused some considerable wrinkles which are very difficult to get out (super stubborn( but i am pleased with the look of the garment. usually, i like the look of a dress that
This sweater dress is beautifully unique in that it has lovely sheer sleeves to dress it up, but it's made of a soft sweater material that feels comfortable, warm and wintry at the same time. it does run true to size, i ordered a small (5'5" and 118 lbs). knitted and knotted has come up with some killer sweater dresses this season!!!
This robe is warm, soft and i like how long it is! it's perfect length. my favorite thing to wear around the house!
This is such a soft, comfortable and well fitting blazer. i love the structured cut of a material that is usually used in more casual designs. i look forward to wearing it very often in the fall. so glad i purchased this one!
I absolutely love this jacket! i bought it and wore it to work to next day, and received tons of compliments! it is easy to move in as i have ark that required stretching and bending alot. i am 5 5 119 pounds and xs fit a well.
Cute, cool dress for hot summer days. very roomy. has pockets!
A wardrobe addition to dress up, or dress down. the sheer sleeves are a nice detail...  (i'm 5'6", and the length hits me at the knee.)
I have not had any sort of shedding problem with this jacket. i have worn it open with black jeans and a long necklace, and buttoned with a scarf and jeans. it is really cute! i am 5'4" and 115 lbs, and i got the small. i wouldn't hesitate, especially since it is now on sale.
This dress is absolutely beautiful! the grey is more vibrant in real life than the picture suggests and the maroon red is perfect for fall and winter. seriously, this is not your typical sweater dress; the sheer sleeves elevate it to a whole other level. it comes to just above the knee on my 5'7" frame. it is a bit looser on top (i'm 32c) and more form-fitting around the hips but not tight or clingy. and so comfortable! i am 122 lbs and took my usual small so i think it runs true to size. the sl
Love the lines of this tweed look jacket. pockets are a definite plus, as is the soft pleat in the back. this is a good piece to transition from winter to spring. it updates your jeans and soft t-shirt look.
This dress is even better in person. the base color of the fabric is a very light peach, and very lovely. as you can see from the photos, the green floral pattern running up the front of the dress varies slightly from dress to dress, but i found the front on mine was very similar to the 1st photo. the bright green flowers are a light mint green, which plays beautifully with the light peach. there are more details in the print to discover in person, which is a nice bonus. the silk is not stiff li
Nice quality, soft fabric, sleeves definitely make a unique statement. the fit worked for me, although it could have more room in hips (for my hourglass figure). got m, size l was way too big. i am 34d, but the dress can definitely accomodate bigger chest. the color are my favorites in this season. wear it to stand out!
I wore this dress to nyc on a date. it was perfect...light, flowy, and lovely. the peach and green combination is really pretty, and i love the hemline, which is longer in the back than in the front. i can only say one thing: as i was walking down the street with my boyfriend, a total stranger (and not a crazy person) came up to us and told us we looked beautiful. enough said.
I waited patiently for this dress to arrive in my local retailer store and loved the design immediately (the green motif). as others noted, it is on the flowly side. for this reason, i went with a size s. i wore it on easter and can't wait to wear it again. i did not have any issues with wrinkling or putting on the dress. it is a simple over the head, no fuss kind of dress. you get to be supremely comfortable and look like a goddess. this is one of those retailer pieces that you will have for years
I wanted to buy my usual mp but was sold out and so was normal m. i got the regular l and it fits like a shift dress and does not enhance my curves. it looks like a luxurious knitted sack but i mean that in a good way. it is very comfortable, does not cling, and reaches just below my knees. i do worry about the stretch factor as other reviewers have noted but since i just received it we will see. i do not like the sheer sleeves. i wish i could take them off. i do not like the button loop at the
Great casual jacket! it's a nice spring weight, can be worn in different ways by turning the cuffs, folding the collar, wrapping or unwrapping, etc. i love the way they styled it in the model shots. i am going to have to disagree with the other reviewers about this being tts. i have to say the medium was so oversized, it looked like i was wearing a fabric box. i have a broad back and 36ddd bust and am comfortably wearing the size xs.
I was expecting not to fit into this because i'm womanly, and generally wear a size 16 in things. but the picture was so gorgeous i had to try. i'm so happy i did. it slipped right on and is flowy yet not overly so. it still has shape. the colors are exactly as it is portrayed on the site. i love having this in my closet!
Super comfy and longer than last year's version minus the hood. love it!
Only the xxs was left, so i was a little concerned that it might be too small. not the case at all thanks to the very functional adjustable straps & high quality of craftsmanship & design. for reference, i'm 32c, 5'2 110-115lbs - kind off petite w/an athletic build. the black is lovely classic. the color, along with the beautiful design give this a timeless classic french look. very comfortable, too. love so much i, ordering more!
This dress is a work of art both online and in person. the color is more vibrant in person and both colors are beautiful. i like the mango color better because it looks better on my olive skin tone, plus i like the purple flowers against the orange background. thank goodness for the liner because this dress is very thin. it wrinkles easily but i think it comes with the territory due to the thin silk fabric. for short gals like me, a belt is a must for a structured look if worn with heels; otherw
I ordered size small. i am 5' 6", 32 b. the fabric is super soft and the fit is great. there's an adorable little quote on the pantie's lining, and the bra has a beautiful print on its inner lining. the feel of the lace and fabric is divine. love it! one more thing to note...there is very little lining in the bra; really nothing more than an extra layer of fabric. it is enough to protect modesty, but not much else.
Got these shorts in both colors: the blue-gray and the red-pink. super lightweight in hot humd weather, and keeps a crisp shape (doesn't get wrinkly and saggy like other linen shorts do). really nice quality interior finish and both front and back pockets are a usable depth. . if you're between sizes go for the smaller as they do stretch a bit over the day. i got these in a size 2 and they get a little loose on my 33"-25"-37ish" frame. i'm 5'2" and the petite was sold out, so i don't know if t
I really liked this tank. i purchased it in the green. i went with my regular size 2. yes it's boxy but it's a nice tank that will get lots of use this summer. i'm planning on using it on our vacation to the beach . it is thin and soft.
I absolutely love this top. it has a very classy look and can be used casual or dressy. i get lots of compliments.
Light and flows so nicely. a great length--not to short or long. great with shorts. material is lovely.
I wanted to wait until i could give this dress a thorough wearing before i reviewed it.  it exceeded my expectations!  i wore it at an outdoor wedding (the red) and received so many compliments on it.  it is well-constructed and the cutouts are gorgeous.  no danger so far of them ripping or tearing.  the zipper in the back is a little bulky for the dress, but not a major deterrent.  i'm 5'6" and about 145lbs, and the size 6 (my usual retailer size) was perfect.
Great top for the older woman who wants to be stylish but needs a little extra room. the subtle color goes with anything. i love it!!
This dress is perfect! i just bought it yesterday in store for a wedding i'm going to next spring. i got it in red, which is normally not a great color for me, but it's a darker red so it works. i love anything with cutouts so i was drawn to it immediately. i normally wear a 10 in a dress to accommodate my (rather wide) shoulders, and the 10 fit well. i can see it working for a variety of occasions. one big plus is the quality--this isn't even remotely flimsy.
Beautiful summer top and so versatile! it's definitely worth it.
I ordered this on a whim, not sure what to expect. i'm petite (5'1, 110) and ordered a small petite. i usually wear xs-s in anthto tops but wanted a little extra room for layering in the cooler months ahead do i opted for the small petite instead of xs. it fits beautifully and is very cozy too. the collar is gorgeous and very soft. i think this is a beautiful and unique piece for any fall wardrobe.
Got this dress for a party.  it was a last minute purchase and i was nervous if it would fit.  it not only fit, it looks great and is very comfortable.  have to love an a-line skirt and a top with short sleeves.  it covers everything while looking sexy.  and i didn't have to spend a second worrying if something was showing that shouldn't be.  got compliments all night.  i got it in red and black but went with the red based on feedback from husband and bff.  buy it now.  its perfect for holiday p
This is a beautiful top, but it runs large. i am exchanging for one size smaller. it is worth the effort of exchanging! well made, beautiful lace.
This is my new favorite dress. while elegant it isn't too fancy for a nice office environment. very comfortable and a perfect size fit. i would like it if it was in petite only to make it hit above my knee, not below since i am 5' 3" but not a big deal. everyone has complimented this dress!
This dress fits perfectly. the cut is so flattering. i am tall but the length is great. not too short.
The shirt was better than it actually looked online. the only downfall was that there was a pulled thread on the shirt when i received it. it's something i can probably fix, just a little disappointed receiving in that shape.  i would recommend this top. very flattering and dressy if you want it to be.
I love this tee, it is comfortable and soft with the nice detail of buttons at the shoulders, a good v-neck, and subtle stripes. however it runs quite long! i thought i ordered the petite but i received a regular length tee and it was down to my thighs. so order a petite unless you are quite tall or like a tee to fall that low over your hip area.
What a lovely top! the embroidery makes this simple top very special. it's too light-weight for january but will be a staple of my wardrobe come spring.
I love this dress. i'd get it in both colors if i could! the cut and fit is beautiful, i'd suggest sizing down if you feel like it's too boxy or lacks shape. the bottom skirt is round enough to where you can twirl ( #1 thing to look for in a dress ;) ) and it's just overall a classic pretty dress. my only complaint is that the overlay cut out seems a little bit delicate and i'm afraid it will be ruined after a few wears but it seems to be holding up fine so far and isn't incredibly delicate like
I originally ordered the peach stripe tee in my normal size, medium. after going to the store and trying another color on in a small i realized i should have sized down. i have since purchased the blue stripe in the smaller size. i love the fit and the colorful stripes of both. great light-weight, casual tee. i love the button details on the shoulder.
I cannot give this dress enough praise!! i say it runs a little large because i'm normally an 8 but the 6 was just more flattering.  i wore it for a wedding and i was showered with compliment after compliment about the dress! i've never felt more beautiful, and wish i could have one in every color! and quality? absolutely amazing.
More of a blouse than a tee because of the fabric which has a linen feel to it, on the front, the back of the top is more of a tee shirt material. not a travel top as it would wrinkle. the pattern and colors are the same as pictured. the sizing is large - i ordered an xs; my size is usually a small. it is a generous fit and boxy, not shaped at all. the back has a horizontal stitch band about half way down which provides a loose blouson effect.the back (which is all black and is tee shirt fabric)
I got this top in the beige, size small. it is flattering and though i hadn't noticed the lace details in the back before i purchased it, they are a nice touch. this is a versatile piece. i can dress it up or down. this will definitely be a favorite of mine this season.
Very pretty & shimmery. suitable for slightly dressier occasions. comfortable fit.
I bought this dress with a specific occasion in mind. i could not turn it down because it fit like a glove. i love the cut and the length.
Obsessed with this sweatshirt! it's a must have for any loungewear lover. i'm normally a xs but sized up to a s for a more loose, relaxed look. i was afraid it would swallow me, but i love the fit! the knot in the front is a nice detail that makes this comfy top really cute. the fabric is a great texture, great for transitioning from summer to fall and winter to spring. love everything about this sweatshirt and will easily pair with leggings or jeans. worth every penny!!!
The blouse is beautiful. the quality and design are spot on. but it runs quite large. i normally wear a small or an extra small depending on the cut. i ordered this in a small based on the way it seemed to fit the model. it's huge. i'm going to have to reorder in a smaller size, but i'm not sure if the xs or xxs will fit better. i'll probably drive to my retailer store and try it on in person. for comparison, i am 116 pounds, 36-26-36.,
Love these pants. love the fit. i can't wait to wear them, but i have to find the time to hem them first. i am kinda tall at 5'9" and i wear a lot of heels, even tall heels. but these pants are even too long for my 3-4" heels, and i don't wear taller than that to work every day. only on very rare occasions. so they do need to be hemmed. they are a great cream white color so can carry on through the winter and will also get a lot of use in the spring and summer. good fabric and a nice fit!
Looking forward to wearing this blouse for the summer. easy to wear--no special bra needed. thin cotton material will be perfect for vacationing in japan. i wear a 4p but because the smocking in the shoulder area leaves the lower part of the shirt a bit blousy, i bought the 2p. i prefer the straight hems instead of the dresses and tunics with the longer back hem, which gives my petite frame the illusion of looking shorter. i liked this blouse so much that i bought it in the green and white strip
This hoodie is just what i had hoped it would be...it is super soft, comfortably loose, but with the tie bottom hugging the hips and low v-neck - it's just the right amount of sexy. it will be my go-to this fall and winter!
Full disclosure, i'm six months pregnant. as such, this dress is perfect for me. it's soft and flown, and i look like i have a cute bump instead of like i'm wearing a sack. i ordered my usual medium based on other reviews, and t fits perfectly--so it would have been too big normally.
I have a narrow face, and most coats with the big collars overwhelm me. this proportion is perfect. follows my shape without constricting but flows so well for a good line. color isn't quite laden green; it's more teal which works even better for me. so hard to find a wool coat these days that isn't bulky.
This is a great coat, very lightweight, but warm. the color is gorgeous. it is fitted at the waist with fullness below and a great length. i am writing this review to give a heads up about the sizing. by usual retailer sizing this runs small and short waisted. i am generally an retailer x small and i need to exchange this one for a small or maybe even a medium (if i want to wear much underneath it). as it is it fits too well, like a dress, not a coat and looks short waisted. in fact, when i tr
I bought the "light grey" color. the dress in the photo does not look a thing like the dress in person, it does not look grey at all but more of a light teal/light blue.  it is absolutely gorgeous and has a slight swing shape. i took my normal size xs.  the end of the sleeves (where the buttons are) are very tight but still fit, you just have to be careful taking off or else undo the buttons.  also online inventory says no one has this in store, but i did end up finding it (rockefeller).
The bikini bottoms are high quality and feel very luxurious. order one size up. this line runs small. i read the reviews and ordered a medium. i am normally xs/s in underwear but the medium fits me perfectly. i wish i had ordered in other colors before they sold out! trust me you'll want another pair after trying these on.
This dress is cute!! i ordered my regular xs which was too large but liked it enough to exchange for an xs petite and hopefully the fit will be better. (the xs was much too wide and came past my knee. i'm 5'2' and 123 for reference).  the grey is very pretty and is blueish gray... very misty and unique. the pockets are awesome and i like that it's lined in a fine poly that shouldn't cling to tights, etc in the winter. if you can find a size that fits you, buy it!
I always search each summer for a maxi dress and this is the winner this summed! i love the way it wraps. fits perfectly. i got a size medium and i am 5'5 34dd; the dress is long enough to wear with flats or heels. i recommend this!
It was lighter weight than i expected but that's perfect for me considering florida winters are mild. it's more like a wool sweater than coat. the design is gorgeous, however, ran bigger than anticipated. i'm hoping an exchange to the xs will work otherwise i'm not sure i can get the fit i expect from this sweater coat. the buttons are plastic and would have made a much bigger impact if they were wooden but they're still nice. overall i love it and am hoping for the right fit so i can flaunt thi
I found this dress delightful! i have worn it numerous times and though quite long (for some girls) fits me well. my only complaint is that if the wind blows it tends to fly open as there is only on clasp at the breast. the fabric is light and comfortable, i wore it in costa rica and it felt refreshing. i am 5'9", 155 lbs and a 34a cup; i would suggest a larger size for girls as the small fit me very well.
This is a really cute and flattering dress on me. i am 5'4" 120 lbs and the 4 is a perfect fit. i am a little busty but the empire seam brings the dress back in slightly below my chest so it does not tent out.the asymmetrical hem makes it really flowy when you walk. the under dress is a lightweight fabric in a sheath cut that is shorter than the over dress which is a fun detail. the over dress material is somewhat gauzy and it moves as you move. the pockets are positioned in the front which is a
I'm not sure why this skirt is described online as having a blue motif. the background is black and the blue in the pattern could pass as grey. the material is a strong polyester which should be nice and easy to clean but it almost feels like silk. i love the aline and even with the ruffles it looks very slimming on this pear-shaped gal. i can see wearing it with strappy sandals and a light blouse in the next few weeks but pairing it with a sweater and boots well into the fall and winter. i thin
Very comfortable to wear. you can wear it any season.  it runs true to size.  nice fabric.  it&amp;#39;s a simple black dress.  love it!
This dress fits great. i love that it's fitted at the top but drapery and swingy at the bottom.  it has a thicker t-shirt type fabric.  i will definitely style this with a variety of necklaces or a scarf and cardigan for cooler weather.  it's much cuter in person.  for reference i'm 5'4 105 and got xs.
I found the material a little stiff, im asummig linen is stiff at first. i got an xxs and fit tts in my case (34 b, 5'7, 120 lb).
Love the colors and pattern. i am normally a m/l. i ordered a large as that's all they had in stock and it fits fine though the medium would probably have fit a little better for me. it is very long, even for me and i'm 5' 9.
It is such a pretty dress. the pics don't do this dress any justice. the cut and style is so flattering. the colors are gorgeous. you can wear it on a cool evening in summer and well into fall. i absolutely love this dress. even if the material appears a bit rough, there is a slip underneath.
This dress is so soft and cozy and pretty.  love the shine and interesting sheen whenever you move.  very comfortable and looks great with a variety of layers. i want to buy more colors but right now i just have the mauve. ordered size m and i'm 38-27-35 #135.
I tried this dress on in the store.  i wear either a s or xs in retailer clothes.  its loose fitting, so i went with the xs.  the arm holes were tight, but have very cute buttons if you look closely at the picture.  you can also roll the sleeves up and there is a coordinating plaid underneath, which adds a nice touch.  great length, not too short or too long.  the grey color is much prettier in person.  i felt it had a little more of a blue tint. for reference i am 5'6", 124 lbs, and 32b.
I originally bought the white lace version of this dress, but it felt too "bridey?" then i snagged all three of the velvet blazers and spotted this black version. i like that it is not all lace, with the pleated chiffon "center." the under slip is straight and fits with the outer layer sheer enough to give the appearance of there being a shape under the flow. it is so versatile as i can do it with the velvet blazers and booties or classic lbd with black pumps. well worth the price as this will f
I got this sweater in navy and it is much cuter than online! it is a great transition sweater and also i can see it used on cool nights at the beach. i have worn in professional environment to work as well as with a tee and jeans. i love it!
This dress arrived today, and it is both flattering and comfortable. i am just a smidge under 5'4", and i ordered a regular xs. in the front, it hit me about 3" above the knee. it is office appropriate for a business casual environment. the red was deeper in color than i expected (it seemed a little "brighter" on my monitor), but this is no problem for me; it is still a great color. i tried it with clogs, knee boots and ankle boots - all really cute. and, as and added bonus, it looks good with b
Love the dolman sleeves and its the perfect length. throw on a cute necklace and go.
This skirt is gorgeous, sturdy, well constructed. i was afraid the midi length would look frumpy, but it was beautiful. it has a nice lining, flares into a pretty a line, and has a pull tab belt around the waist to cinch it a bit. i am normally a 2-4, and i bought the 4. it was a bit big, but the belt helped with that. i wore it for my bridal shower and got many compliments!
What a perfect summer dress! after reading the previous review i ordered a size up and it's perfect. the slip is a little snug on the hips, but most dresses are on me so i think on most people it would fit very well as long as you ordered one size larger. i can't wait to wear this while traveling through europe next summer!
This was my first time to purchase and wear a tunic and i was very hesitant about the look, but i love this design! it is beautiful and seems to be very well made. i agree with a previous reviewer that the slit is high (it comes to my waist, but i don't think it is a problem. i always appreciate this in other reviews, so hopefully it helps: i'm 5'2", 117 lbs, and a small 32b. the xs works well for me.
Want to combine super comfort with super style and quality!! stop here and buy these!!!! you will not be disappointed!!!
These are by far the sexiest fitting overalls ever! they are lengthening and flattering and comfy at the same time!
This top is really beautiful. my girlfriend saw it on a rack outside the dressing room, or i would not have seen it. i tried it on, and loved it instantly. it does run a bit big, and i ordered the extra small to make sure which one would work. the photos don't do it justice. reminds me of retailer of 10 years ago, when just about everything in the store was truly unique.
I am addicted to retailer and have purchased many many items from them. this is definitely one of the best blouses i ever purchased by far. i saw this while browsing through the store and love the print and colors and detailing. i espeically loved the velvet cutouts that gave this already beautiful sweater something extra. i did not purchase this top then because i felt full price was too much and on the hanger it looked like it could be short and boxy. when retailer had their black friday sa
I am so pleased with this tunic. the fabric heavy enough to wear through winter, and it is very flattering. the colors are as pictured, as well. as another reviewer mentioned, the slit is high. but it still works perfectly with leggings or mid to high rise skinny jeans.
I just purchased this velvet top in my regular size small (34-27-35) so i'd say it runs tts and i couldn't be happier! the designer, moulinette soeurs is one of my very favorites here at retailer and always seems to come through for me when i need something really special. it's is a vintage style top that reminds me of something miss fisher from "miss fisher's murder mysteries," the "downton abbey" ladies or the designer sisters from "the house of eliott" would wear and that's a major compliment.
Absolutely gorgeous! i bought my regular size m and while it's a little wide in the shoulders, it drapes beautifully. because i'm so short, i found the sleeves too long so i took it to my dressmaker and she shortened the sleeves about two inches so it's still elbow length and while i was there, she put in two small darts in the back so make it less boxy for my frame. can't wait to wear it - it's a beautiful material and i love the combo of the metallic sheen and velvet. so elegant. very gatsby,
These are absolutely fabulous!!! love them! comfortable great fabric! best buy of the year so far!
When i saw this in store i was so attracted to the colors on the v neck and actually thought it was a dress! until i tried it on i was confused about the very high side slits.... then i figured it was a tunic. i've always hated/avoided tunics because i thought they would widen my thighs and give me a bad shape. they actually made me look straighter/slimmer which looked amazing! the more i had it on, the more i fell in love with it and didn't want to take it off! i can wear it in the winter and f
I am a collector of clothes and textiles. that is a passion. this blouse meets all the criteria of something treasured from times past. the roses are almost charles rennie macintosh. i am so happy to own this blouse! it fits perfectly and makes me feel beautiful, stylish in my own style.
This top is beautiful and special. the burnout velvet (so nice and soft), the flowers, the pretty metallic threads and even the back closures make it wonderful. i took my usual size 0. it is a bit more fitted on the bottom of the top (hip area) than i was expecting but not snug. i will wear this during the holidays and beyond! happy with my purchase and looking forward to wearing it!
I have never written a review on retailer before, but after seeing this top in the store and then seeing how it is depicted online, i felt i had a duty to review it. it is gorgeous! i saw it in the store and tried it on with my mom and we both had a fit over it. the fabric is light pink with a shimmer. the flower detailing is so feminine and soft. the back's closure is just another piece of the beautiful detailing. i left the store and thought i would think about it only because i was trying to be
This picture does not do this blouse justice. the material is velour where the flowers are and there's a bit of sparkle. i'm generally a pl in other stores and bought a m and was pleased. it's true to size. i'm 5'1" and the regular length was perfect and not too long at all. i won't have to shorten it. the blouse will look great with skinny jeans and boots or the right long flowy skirt. it can easily be worn to a dressy occasion. it's gorgeous!!
I absolutely adore this dress. i took my time buying it and when i was ready to purchase they were sold out of my normal size 6 but the 8 was still available, so i snagged it. i'm glad because the dress runs small and the size 6 would have been snug around the waist. the style is perfect and the dress is well made. the material is a heavier cotton and the white banding accents it perfectly. i don't think it's too white, like some reviewers have stated. you can't wear a bra with this dress, but t
I absolutely love these pants! i was really hesitant to try these on for fear they would look like a diaper. i've always liked the look of these pants but didn't think i had the body type to pull them off being 5'5" with some curves. i tried them in my local retailer in the solid grey in both a medium and small. i could have gone either way but the medium fit better in the he hips. the draping isn't as exaggerated or bulky as it looks in the pic either so it didn't add weight to my frame. the mate
First off, the pictures online hardly do these justice. these pants are way cool. they are soft, have the perfect little pattern, they have a great tie detail on the cuff, they are higher waist (which is always more comfy), and they are super stylish! just like the other reviewer, i am occasionally hesitant on drop crotch pants...but i was so drawn to these. i'm glad i have them a shot because they are way better than i expected! these are worth the buy!
This is a very chic tunic sweater. i absolutely love it. fabric is super soft and is a good weight. not too thick or heavy, which for me is a huge plus as i tend to run hot and usually can't wear sweaters. being hot natured, the turtleneck was a problem for me so i had my tailor alter it. it is still beautiful without the high neck.  the fabric is quite stretchy and i found it to be tts. however, it is not as loose on me through the chest as it is on the model. i am just over 5'4", and wear an
I bought this in blue and can't wait to wear it, feels so soft. exactly like the picture.
I got this for a special event and while i had to special order due to it not being in my local store yet, the minute i tried it on was very happy with the fit, feel and overall look. at the event i got so many compliments and love the way it fits - attractive, sturdy and very comfortable to wear, even with kicking up my heels on the dance floor. am so happy i got this and plan to wear it to other events coming up (weddings, parties, etc.)
I was drawn to these pants because i loved the color and pattern, but i was sure they would be difficult to pull off. i tried them on and loved them! they will be perfect summer pants because they're so light and not clingy at all. the material is great. these will also be really fun to wear at the beach. i could stand for them to be about an inch longer, but the wide waistband is super flattering and versatile so i just wear them closer to the hip for the extra length. definitely worth trying o
Oh my, i just received my dress and it is gorgeous!. i was a little skeptical with the reviews but i am on the slender side so perhaps that is the body type it works for. i am 34b with a 25 waist. i got a size 0 and it fits well. i am 5'5" and the length is good too, not too long. i could wear reasonable heel/wedges. it is a great class, sophisticated look. the material is great quality. i can't wait for an occasion to wear it to!
I just received this dress and i love it. after reading the reviews i was worried that it would be too tight so i ordered both a 6 and an 8. i am 5'8", hourglass, 135 lbs, and the 6 is just perfect. i love how it falls just below the knee, but the front slit gives it that little flirt factor. this is the go-to summer dress i had been looking for!
Yay, i found it: my go-to dress for this summer! it's perfect for casual day-to-day stuff, as well as summer festivals, nights out, travel, etc. i love the design, length and fit. it's a bit snug in the chest area but i went with the smaller size as the shoulder straps sagged a bit in the larger size. the lace-up front gives it a sexy corset-type bodice, but in a very casual, appropriate way. i think this dress will work well with many body types and ages, it's flattering for us curvier ladies,
I love this dress. i got it in the blue and i feel like everything about it is so modern and class and summery. it runs a bit on the small side. i'm between a 6 and an 8 - i went with the six, but it's definitely tight. i have a larger chest, and it's pretty low and sexy, though you could knot the laces at the top for a more modest neckline. i've also put shirts under it and it's a super cute jumper. i'm 5'1 and the dress (regular, not petite) hits right below my knee.
I?ve been looking at this dress online for some time now, but i?ve been put off by the photo of the woman wearing it on the boat. it just did not seem right. but then i saw it in the store and i was sold on it. it is a wonderfully soft, linen dress. it is a bit tight in the midriff, so i had to size up a bit. i usually wear a size 2, but went with size 4 this time. size 4 fit perfectly. it is comfortable, easy to wear, just the right amount of sexy. it will be a nice every day dress for summer i
Love this dress. i have it in white. just washed it in cold water in the machine and it still looks like new. very cute and comfortable. i stitched up the slit a bit, i am older, but otherwise, perfect.
I absolutely adore this dress! the beautiful details and shape make it so much more unique and special than your typical linen dress. it's effortless, yet still a showstopper. i am a size 4 with hourglass shape and my normal size 4 it fits me like it was made for me. it's not too tight in the ribcage, yet it is slimming and flattering. not matronly at all! the laces can be worn tied up for a more modest look, or worn untied for a breezy, casual, a bit more sexy look. i will be wearing this dress
Yes! yes! yes!  i buy a lot of dresses from retailer, and about once a year i hit the jackpot with a dress that hits all the marks! this dress is it!  i bought the white linen version on a whim. i never buy white dress because, 1. i don't want to look bigger than my pear shape already is, and 2. i like red wine and i that's risky in a white dress!   i don't know how this designer did it, but this dress is amazing! it's slimming and flattering and summery and current. and i am two sizes bigger
I saw this dress online and loved it. i ordered the blue denim one in my usual sizes an 8 and 10, but i think the 10 was sized wrong. anyhow, both were too small, so when i returned them, they were in the store! i ended up with a size 12 which fits great, with a little bit of room. it is light weight, simple but fun and very comfortable to wear. i have received many compliments on it on my first day wearing it. i also ordered it in white, thinking that i might prefer that color, but when it arri
I love this dress! it is more of a thick cotton linen than actual denim. it fits true to size in the sense that i am usually a size 6, but i would say it is smaller on top than normal size 6 dresses. i am 5' 8", small busted, and a "pear" shape, so i like the more fitted style of the top with the a-line skirt. i love the length hitting just below the knee. it is flattering for my body type. seems well made and at a good price point.
This is a stunning blouse! you can't tell from the photo, but it looks very 1930-1940's. i am so happy with this blouse, it is gorgeous. i'm an xl, and purchased this blouse in xl and it fits wonderfully. it fits nice and flowy and i feel i don't need a cam underneath. i highly recommend it!
Don't be put off by the sparkle! this jacket is amazing. lovely detail with the print on print with the sequined patches. i love this retailer in house brand, elevenses. i take a medium in this brand( 8/10) and the medium fits full with room like a bomber style would offer. i had tried a small in my local store and it was not a small -small so if you want a tighter fit then go for a small. but i like thinks to have a more fluid feel. i have a 34 dd chest as reference. i plan to wear this in spring
This jacket is so pretty and fits amazing! i ordered the size small and it fits as expected. i normally wear a size small and a size 4.
A couple of months ago i bought the white in this top in my usual size small. it's cute & flowy & like to wear it with ankle or capri leggings. have worn with shorts as well. casual & cute! plus i love cotton anyways. 5'3", 117#. think i'll go ahead with the other colors since the heat will be arriving soon....
This top is beautiful. i would say the pink stands out more in the print in person than in the picture, and it's gorgeous. the adjustable strap is nice. there is just enough padding in this swimsuit to feel protected without being bulky or worrying about it moving around in the top. this is seriously my new favorite, could not recommend enough!  for reference, i am a 34a, and purchased a small.
I did not experience the issues the other reviewers mentioned. wore this to a wedding last month and received many compliments. beautiful, comfortable dress. the bust fit well -- slightly large on me (i am *just* a b) in the size i needed, but not horribly so. love this dress!
This dress is very feminine and flattering on, especially for hourglass figure gals. i usually wear size 4 regular in this brand but i sized up to 6 regular (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). when it's very fitted on top, i like my dress to be a bit longer. the bottom hem falls about 2 inches longer on me than shown on the model (i'm 5'2"). it feels tight when first zipped because the dress is cut to fit the curves of a woman, but it loosens up after a few minutes of wear. the design of this dress is
This dress makes me looks curvy,thin and sexy! i tried on almost every dress in the store in every style. this one was a winner. i bought 2 others but this one was my favorite. i'm 5'5" 130 (32dd) sz4 fit perfect. the picture on-line does not do it justice - you must give it a chance and try it on for yourself. it looks like an average dress on the model - if you have curves you'll love this dress!
I actually love the fit of this t. the photo of the model does make it look more of a straight fit - but i love that it has more of a flared shape. the armholes are high enough that it covers that bit of arm chub i hate, it swings out enough that it looks a little dressy and a little more special than your basic t, and it drapes nicely even over my curvy shape.
This shirt is the perfect go-to; classic white button down, with a twist! the fit is flattering & i would have to say runs a little large. i am 5'4,124 lbs, broad shoulders, with a 36d bust and bought the 2 (outside of retailer, a 36d usually needs about an 8). i was worried what may happen when i wash it because it fits perfectly but i washed it in cold & hung it up to dry & it was fine.
This top is a must have for summer. it is light and accentuates the figure. i'm 5'3 and many tops overwhelm me, but this is shorter in the front and a touch longer in the back. the cotton is very nice and it has a somewhat wider hem. if you have hips this somehow makes them look narrower. if they had additional colors, i would have bought them all. i'm a 36c and the size 8 was perfect.
Just buy these! i bought the olive green color and loved them, so i bought the navy blue. they fit true to size, i'm a size 4 and bought the 27. they are comfortable and make your bum look good. i prefer skirts, dresses and shorter pants like these gauchos instead of shorty shorts during the summer, and these will be something i wear all the time in warm weather. you can wear them casually or dress them up.
Nice quality, not too thin like most white tops and the arms are cut just right. perfect length too.
This dress is amazing. it is comfortable with great fabric and very high quality. if you have a lot of curves it may not be the best dress as it has no give and flows straight down from the shoulder.
This dress is gorgeous!! amazing colors, drape and bra friendly if ur not too big chested. i can wear this w a strapless bra and the tie in back does work.
Awesome pants. they look a lot better in person than in these pictures. i got it in dark blue. they are very comfortable, and can be used day to night. if you like cropped pants and wide legs this one is a good option. it's a bit more dressy than other models, still look casual and fun. i may end up getting a couple more for myself...
Impecable workmanship (overseas). i usually wear a petite 2 but ordered this in a regular size 0 and glad that i did. since it curves up on this side, it barely overs the waistband on my jeans. ordered this in pink but it's more of pale coral pink. the style is more of a semi-halter sleeve but it have snaps on the inside shoulders to keep the bra straps from showing or you can wear a halter bra. it's a very light weight cotton and flowing and it will be great for the hot weather.
When this dress first showed up online, i liked it, but didn't buy it because i wasn't in love. retailer weekend popped up, so i decided to take advantage of the 15% off and ordered this dress. it shipped to me in no time! the dress is beautiful. the fabric is soft and airy. this is the first "off the shoulder" dress that actually stays off the shoulder. no riding up, no fussing! i suggest sizing down because this dress is slightly flowy.
This is such a cute top! i've learned to size down in swing tops or else they look way too big - in a sloppy way. i ordered the xxs (5'3" and 110lbs) and it fits well. it'll look cute with my black skinny dress pants or jeans. i definitely recommend!!
I'm curvy, and i often have trouble finding pants that don't have weird creasing and fit both my waist and thighs. these fit awesome, especially when i use the buttons at the waist to make it a little smaller. they do emphasize my hips, so if you're trying to hide hips, these aren't for you. i love them, though--they drape beautifully and feel great.
Fits well (true to size), very stylish and comfortable. i'm going to have to buy these in more colors!
This tank is so classic and summery and i never want to take it off. it's very soft, and the fabric is decently thick. it hangs away from the body and has a nice swing to it. it works well for my very straight figure and small chest, but finding the right fit might be problematic for someone more blessed in the chest area than me.
Delighted with these. made in the usa was a big selling factor. great quality and fit. will look out for more active wear from this brand.
Another cloth and stone success! love the back! denim goes with most anything!
Love the bright colors! made really well!! super soft and vibrant!
This top fits exactly like the last photo, which was my hope. it is not as slim as the other images. it's a swing top and the arm holes are perfect size, and the mock turtleneck is not too high. the fabric is thick, so will be perfect transitioning from summer to fall.
I'm so glad i tried these on at one of my local retailer stores. i didn't really think much of it online but they have a much nicer look and cut in person. i got the navy blue in size 27 which fit tts. i got a regular size vs. the petite size which i usually like to go with because i'm short but i actually found that they fell very similar to the model's length shown online. they seem so versatile, i'm looking forward to wearing these!
Love these pants. they are so easy to wear and look really polished and put together. i bought all 3 colors but i had to go a size up so that they draped correctly on me. i am usually a 4 but bought a 6.  i also love that they hit above the belly button so they work with longer crop tops.  i do wish they came in more colors.
Love this sweater! it feels so soft and it slides right on over the head and neck. easy to wear. this is my favorite sweater. i wear it all the time. the lilac is a really nice subtle color as well. meant to be roomy.
I normally avoid white tops because they usually don't have that pop,but when i saw the 50's styling on it i just had to try it. i came in to buy another top from their catalog but it was such a wow i walked out with it instead.
I found these at my local retailer on the sale rack, in a moss green color. the material, cut, and overall quality of these gauchos is excellent. they will be a nice transition into autumn with a light top and a jacket. i got them in size 26, and they fit perfectly. highly recommended - with the 40% off of sale items, they cost $42 + tax.
Was worried these pants would make my 5'2" frame appear even shorter, but no, they looked great and fit perfectly. very comfortable. love your pilcro brand, but will remember this brand for the future.
I love these shorts! i know reviews say to size down and yes you very well could. but i like my shorts a little bigger so they hang on the waist and can wear a belt. they are so comfortable and the length is perfect! i love that they are loose around the thigh so they don't ride up while walking. i think they might look silly rolled down because they are so wide. i wish they had black, army green, and a dark wine. i would be in heaven!! i got the dark grey and the navy and am very happy.
I purchased these in taupe, mint, and coral. they are extremely comfortable and soft. they can be rolled up to 3 different lengths. i stayed in my regular size and the fit is great. i can see why they sell out so quickly. a must for summer season.
I live in these shorts all summer long. they are so comfortable, soft and practical. i have purchased a couple of these every summer but this year they were so many pretty colors i ended up with 6 new pair.. they go with just about everything and are soft and perfect for texas heat. i stayed true to size on them.
The photo does not do this top justice. if you pull the tie a bit, it shapes the blouse a bit. i have a few work tops from retailer that i treasure -- they look good, wear well, wash easily and drip-dry perfectly. this top fits the bill too. and it goes with navy, black or even wine-colored pants. grab one!
I bought one pair last year and two more this year! i love them! they fit tts and the "red" ones look exactly like the picture.....more of a pink color. super cute color! buy these shorts!!!
I absolutely love these shorts!!! everything about them is perfect!! i have them in almost every color. they wash beautifully. i don't dry my shorts in the dryer. they fit the same as last years'. i'm thin & pretty straight with little hips. i wear them in a size 28. i tried the 27 & they felt a little snug. i don't like my shorts tight & i like when they can hang down a little with a belt or not (like the model in the picture). i don't find that they stretch out much after wearing but that coul
These shorts are perfect. not too short, but can be cuffed so not too long either. the fabric is soft and gets even softer after washing. bought two colors in the late spring and then recently added to my "hyphen" shorts collection. you can dress them up or pair with a casual t and flip flops. note - if you like your shorts loose, order true to size. they do stretch at the waist, so if you want them to fit true to size, order one-two sizes down.
This dress set my heart a-flutter, but i had quite a time figuring out the sizing. i literally ordered six different sizes, and when i put them on, they all seemed to look like a very beautifully embroidered and elegant tent. if only i could just nip it in a tiny bit at the waist! then it would look like the model does! (i actually think they probably pinned the back of the dress to get it to fit on the model).  so i played around with it and ended up putting in 2 small darts in the front. and v
Perfect top! i love the mix of materials, silky in the front and comfy knit in the back. the tie on the side is adorable and adds a little something special to the shirt. happy!
I love these shorts. would buy them in every color! the colors are all fabulous and the fit is great too. not too short, not too tight. very soft comfy feel.
These shorts are age-appropriate for all. they're loose fitting and cal me rolled up or left down where they end above the knee. the fabric is soft and colors are fun
Bought these shorts in the store, in navy and loved them so much that i ordered them in the taupe. for some reason, the taupe pair is shorter but they still fit beautifully. the fabric is ligher weight than denim so i wear them a lot. love pilcro!!!
This coat is super cute and flattering. i am 5&amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;8&amp;amp;amp;amp;quot; and it comes almost to my knee on the back. i&amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;m usually a small but got the medium in case i wear a bulky sweater underneath. comfy and warm, but won&amp;amp;amp;#39;t be warm enough when winter hits without a big sweater underneath. great to throw on to walk the dog or hit the bus stop in style.
These shorts are great! perfect length and this can be addicted based on how much you roll them up. i love all the colors. i've bought several pairs because of how comfortable and versatile they are!
Love these shorts. they do run large, i wear a 29 in pilcro and the 28 in these shorts fit comfortably with a bit of room to spare. the turquoise is definitely green, and not as bright as what i see in the online photo, but still a nice color. they have a funny smell but i'm sure that will wash out.
These are some of the softest most comfortable shorts i own and wish i had them in more colors. i like that i an adjust the length of the cuff since it's not "hemmed" to a certain length. i ordered the pink/salmon color and they go with so much!
Great shorts. i've been buying these for the past few years. each year, i add to my collection with new colors. i have 8 pairs now! perfect length and can be rolled if needed to show some more leg.
So glad i gave these a try last summer in the peachy pink color. this year, i got the darker grey. color is great- goes with so much-and they are so soft and comfortable. also love that these can work rolled up or down at the bottom
I bought these in a few different colors because they are so comfortable and perfect for summer. they fit true to size if you want a more relaxed fit. i sized down for one pair for a more fitted look.
I absolutely love these shorts! i wear a 28 in all pilcro and these are no exception. i would not have grabbed these to try on, but the person who put my clothes in a fitting room added them for me. first, they are definitely short when rolled twice, and i do not have skinny legs. in fact, i never wear anything that exposes my thighs because i really dislike them. for some reason, these shorts make my legs look great! i thought for sure it was the mirrors at retailer, but i still like them at home
I am 5'1'' and most normal size retailer tops are too big on the armpits and neckline for me. i don't usually go for peplum, but i was drawn to this top bc it was very soft. when i tried it on, everything fit just perfect and length was also right for me. i like slight stretch of this fabric which hugs body nicely. i would say you should get a size that fits nicely on chest area.
I really like the hyphen pilcro chino pants so i figured i would try the shorts and voila' - i love the shorts too! colors are great and you don't have to cuff them if they seem too short - they're versatile and who doesn't love options?????
This dress is lovely and the fabric is sensational.  the slits on the two sides of center front are really cool too.  i am 5'7 and it was way too long and i would not have it hemmed at it would remove the gorgeous lotus pattern near the base of the skirt. i only wear flats at 70 but hope this fabric appears somewhere else sometime. it is truly a gorgeous dress for a taller person.
I have had a hard time finding shorts as i have a smaller waist and bigger thighs. i am 5 ft 4 and weigh 125 lbs and i wear a size 25/26 in jeans i bought a size 26 in these and they fit great. i wouldn't size down if you have thighs as i like some room in mine.
First let me say that i've recently fallen in love with the pilcro brand. i love the pilcro hyphen chinos and needed some new shorts for the summer. i have extremely muscular legs and have a hard time finding shorts that look good. i was hesitant to try these on because they said the inseam is 4" but one other reviewer pointed out that they are a good mid-length if you unroll them, so i just went to try them on at the store, and what do you know? they are exactly that! unrolled, they come about
The quality of this top is quite high. it feels like silk. the print is lovely, showy without being too over the top. i love it and would highly recommend it.
This top is totally adorable. it's one of my favorite retailer tops this season. i wear it with jeans or even red skinny pants and i get tons of compliments on it. it fits true to size and the material is washable and durable.
I purchased two pair (navy and sky) for a trip to the caribbean and i'm so glad i tried them on in the store! these are the nicest fitting and most comfortable shorts i own by far. would highly recommend, well made too.
These are great wear- anywhere shorts. they are not too long and not too short. they are very soft and comfy. i ordered a size 6 and after wearing them a couple of hours i found that i should have gone with a size smaller perhaps. i will still keep the 6's for wearing around the house .
I really love this coat! it is beautiful and very comfortable. while the attached scarf does cover the cute buttons, i'm glad it is there! it comes in handy when the temperature drops quicker than anticipated. the only thing missing on this coat is a lining as soft as the exterior.
I absolutely love these shorts and have them in 3 colors. they are a great price point and comfortable fit. be careful with washing as the darker colors seem to bleed.
Wonderful flattering fit, mostly cotton so very cool and huge color selection. i bought 3 pair. thrilled with pilcro.  only thing that could make these better would be if made in the usa.  cuffs roll down if you want less sun.
I absolutely adore these shorts and pick a few colors every year. like last year, these do run big so do size down. the length is perfect to roll them as much as you like. they look great after washing and wish they came in more brighter colors. love these and highly recommend these!
This shirt is amazing. the pictures on the model do not do the shirt justice! the shirt is a bit longer in person than shown on the model. the colors are also more vibrant. the material is so soft and has great flow. i am excited to dress it up for work with a pencil skirt and have the option to wear with skinnies and a cute sandal on my off days.
If i could get these in every color i would! these shorts fit so well and the quality is really nice. i wear them with t-shirts or dress them up with a blouse. i'm a mom in my mid-40's and its hard to find a decent pair of shorts that fit me without being too long or too short - these fit the bill.
I was running low on good summer shorts and thought i'd try these based on having a pair of the pilcro cropped pants i got a couple months ago. i tried these shorts on in-store to make sure they fit right and that i liked how they looked but then bought them online (more colors were available in my size than what they had in store). i bought these in 3 different colors and i absolutely love them all! they are my go-to shorts now, they look good with the legs rolled up or down, and i will be wear
A romantic find. light and airy. the color is slightly darker than shown. the soft, subtle ruffles give it just the right touch.
Another excellent maxi dress by ranna gill. usually this brand of dresses tends to run small in the bodice requiring me to go up a size but i found that this dress ran true to size. i got a petite as well cause the standard size was a touch too long for me. very happy with the color, quality and uniqueness of the dress!
I'm 5 ' 5" and 132 lbs., 34d and the size m is perfect. i will probably wear a thin, long cami under it as it is slightly see through. it doesn't gape under the arms like some sleeveless items...it fits smoothly. as the other review mentioned, it would be a perfect swim suit cover up. but i'm going to wear it more as a casual, very versatile, perfect for a hot day summer dress!
This is my second pair of these jeans (i ruined the first pair and immediately ordered a replacement). wear them all the time. i did go up one size to get a better fit (i don't exactly have slim thighs--ha!), but other than that, they are pretty perfect!
This top is amazing. so soft and the off the shoulder part stays where it belongs. i'm usually a large but got this in a med. fits perfectly.
Been searching for a denim "trucker" jacket since last fall and was happy to see that retailer had this in stock, purchased it online without thinking twice. typically, due to my small upper frame, i'm 5'4, 130lbs, 34 a for referance, i'm between a size small and an xs. bought both and opted for the size small when it arrived.  i love the fit, slightly cropped in the back and i also like how it"s lined inside. great quality and perfect for fall!
I've received so many compliments. it's comfy and cute looking. the sleeves are a little short--which i wasn't expecting, but i love it nonetheless. just putting that out there in case you couldn't tell from the picture. i ordered an xs
This is the perfect dress to transition into fall, either dressing it up with wedges or down with a leather jacket. i have never purchased this brand, ranna gill, but needed to size up which is rare for me when i shop at retailer. it is comfortable and lightweight. i marked it down one star on quality because for the price, i have already noticed some of the black lace stitching coming undone.
Loving this top! the material is lovely and high quality plus the design is very flattering on body. perfect for cooler evenings out. did i mention super flattering?
I purchased this jacket and the levis sherpa denim jacket for comparison. i chose this one over the levi's jacket as this one had more shape/curve to the bodice, which i wanted. i am usually a small but needed a medium in this jacket-- i have wider shoulders, 34c chest, 28" waist, 38" hip, 5' 4" 120lbs.
Love the way this feels ? epic and flowy and flattering ? and features my shoulders and de-emphasizes shape and size from waist down. waited for it to go on sale and it paid off. i'm wearing it to a wedding this weekend. i can't wait to show it off! highly recommended.
Just like the afterward lace cardigan i love this so much. i've had the black and white for about 2 years now and they are still intact! only the buttons fall off once in a while but that's when i'm being aggressive and on the go buttoning. the cardigans from this year just add to my knitted and knotted collection!
I haven't owned a denim jacket since college, but i felt inspired this season. this pilcro jacket is perfect. a little distressed along the edges, tailored fit, and i love the cozy collar. looks expensive. fits really well.
This dress fits perfectly and is travels wonderfully through the seasons! the color and cut is really flattering and flows nicely!
I bought this in late august and have been wearing it ever since. i love that you can wear it either on or off-the-shoulder. the second option adds sexiness even though the top is flowy, comfortable, and easy to wear. on the shoulder i've even worn it to work on casual friday. the print is versatile, and i like that the fabric has a little heft while still being soft and drapey. i definitely recommend, especially since i notice it is now on sale!! it is generously sized, so i'd recommend erring
Love this cardigan. the quality is beautiful and and comfortable. i think the cable stitching and pockets add such a unique touch.
I absolutely love the color, cut and style of this maxi. the high neck and drop waist are both so flattering! the color and design is gorgeous as you'd expect from rana gill. i got my normal size 8 and it was perfect. i would have expected the fabric to be a little heavier but it works as a late summer early fall dress
I got this jacket after being inspired by the looks from stranger things, and love that the fuzzy collar style is coming back! i tend to wear medium shirts and large jackets/coats to fit my long arms, and the sleeves are a great length for me. the lining has a gorgeous pattern on the inside too. the buttons were difficult to button at first, but became easier over time as the fabric softened. i also bought a pilcro skirt and it's comfortable too, so overall i&#39;m very happy with this brand.
I love these jeans ~ the are so soft, so comfortable, nice fabric weight...not too heavy or stiff at all, very flattering, best of all they move with you, but do not completely stretch out by the end of the day ~ i am on retailer site now to purchase another color~
Saw this in the store and immediately liked it. when i tried it on, i loved it. colors are muted, and the style is very flattering. the fabric drapes nicely but is not too heavy, which is perfect for me to wear all through winter in the south. length is perfect for me (5'8"). it does look great off the shoulders, but i also think it can be worn up on the shoulders for a more work-appropriate look. it does run slightly large. i wear a large, but went with a medium in this one so it wouldn't be to
I bought this dress to wear for our upcoming family pictures. i don&#39;t think the image does the dress justice - the fit is so flattering and slimming. i feel like it can easily be dressed down too, with a cute jacket in either denim or leather. the material is thinner, and it does wrinkle a bit. the price tag is a tad high also for a thin maxi dress, but i just had to have it. :)
This vest is a stunner! the dark brown suede is so beautiful. the bronze grommets on the front are a perfect enhancement to the vest. it's hard to see in the picture but the stitching is also top notch. yes, it is a little pricey but it's an investment piece that you will wear and not only get a ton of compliments but feel special when wearing it too. it's a keeper!!!
Love this shirt. it's perfect. it's so perfect that i bought two. it is boxy but it has a lovely drape. please note, the heart is navy blue and not so black as shown. it's a thin shirt and i know it won't last a super long time, hence the back up.
This is a wow dress as far as fit if you are a voluptuous or hourglass figure  woman. i have  a 38inch bust and the medium fit perfectly...the whole dress fit perfectly. i'm so glad i took a risk and ordered it. i wish it was made from a better material  like cotton versus polyester, but it has such a nice fit that i'll forgive the material choice.
I was nervous about this dress due to the reviews saying it was odd and the colors being different. but these weren't issues for me. the color is navy. it has the loops at the sides of the dress to hold the belt on, but it also has a loop in the front center of the dress, which i think is nice, no one likes a limp bow ;) the belt is nothing to write home about, but it ties the dress together nicely. the front pocket is different, but i really like it. i had a hard time conceptualizing it before
What an adorable print!  yes, it may be a bit juvenile for someone my age but i don't care.  the toucans are rendered in soft primary colors.  the skirt is swingy but not poufy.  whole dress is lined so thankfully it's not a see through white fabric.  the bodice in medium petite fits me just perfectly (36dd) so if you are slender on top, size down.  agree with the previous reviewer about the zipper, which i find to be cheap and irritating, especially when zipping over the waistband.  worried abo
This top is so soft, simple, and such a closet staple, if you get the right size! for reference, i am 5'3, 128 lbs, and i ordered the petite medium. it's perfect. the black is a great color, hard to describe, kind of soft with some warm blush tones. i also ordered the white and the peach. great at the sale price!!
This top runs large. i had no problem sizing down one size, and could have gone down two sizes if not for the bust area. i ordered this tee in the distressed black color (in real life, it's more like distressed charcoal gray), and really like the fit. the asymmetric peplum is unusual, and cut at a flattering angle. i also really like that this top is not short; i often have trouble with length at retailer, being long in the torso. even going down a size, the length is great. overall, i like that t
This top runs larger so size down. i love it besides that. it's adorable!
Love love love this dress! quality and fabric are terrific, design is a little 50s throwback! fits well and flatters the body!
I tried this (black motif) on yesterday in my local retailer store and fell in love...after sizing down! i do have to agree with previous reviewers that this top runs large. i am typically a s, but sized down to xs, and the fit was not even slightly snug. the material is soft and comfortable and i love the asymmetrical draped "skirted" bottom..very funky and arty-looking. i am 5'5" and the regular length was great on me. as much as i will enjoy wearing it all summer, i also can't wait to layer it
Just got the small peach in the mail; love it. also got the black small petite; works great as this shirt is pretty long. great boho tee.
I found this today on the one and only rack. i absolutely fell in love with it. i bought my normal size medium and it fit perfectly. other customers were asking where they could find it in the store. i highly recommend. it can be dressed up or down.
I love the way this top fits and the way it flows. i have it in two colors.
This blouse is pretty and drapes wonderfully. i don't think it's too wide at all. it's soft and comfortable. it's stretchy, yet with quality fabric that should keep its shape. definitely a classic piece. the sale price makes the cost more appropriate. the white is a little transparent, but with a tank, it's not a problem. the black is beautiful. i'm having a hard time choosing between them. i love the cut and sleeve details. it wouldn't have looked right with less fabric. it's needed for the sty
This is my new favorite shirt!! you can dress it up or down. so comfy and totally flattering :)
This is a super cute style and i love it with white skinnies. i purchased the gray colorway. i am normally a small in tops but purchased the xs based on other reviews. the xs is still pretty loose on me, but i don't mind too much because i like flowy tops anyway. the color is so pretty and the design is edgy. it will transition to fall well.
I now have this tee in 3 colors - partly because my daughter loves and shares them with me. i typically get a size medium because i like things to fit a little loose, but needed a small in this shirt. goes great with all styles of jeans/knakis.
This dress is crazy flattering and extremely versatile. i wish it came in other colors...i would scoop them all up. great price (plus used by birthday 15% off coupon). the fabric is light weight...but not flimsy. plus it's lined with a satin fabric so the dress won't stick to you. i'm 5" 113 and i ordered the petite x-small and it is perfect. i can see it with fun sneakers (like the picture) or with some fun jewelry and high wedges for going out. thinking of buying a 2nd one as back up...it's th
This is a beautiful piece that looks even better in person - a nice mix of modern and artistic, with just enough color and a flattering fit. my only concern is that it may get itchy throughout the day, especially at the neckline. if you can handle a little wool blend next to your skin, i would recommend it for style and fit.
This is great, lightweight top layer that's just right for the little evening chill in the summer when the sun goes down, or on a breezy day. it's sheer, so it requires a bottom layer. the medium fits a little tighter across the shoulders and arms for me than it shows on the model, which i like.
I ordered this in the peach color way. it is a nice, thicker cotton and while i have only worn & washed once (i air dried) it feels like a fabric that will hold up well. fit is good, i stuck with my usual medium. at first i thought it was a little big but i didn't want to risk the arms being too tight or short by going down to a small. in the body a small would have worked i am sure, so if you have slender arms going down a size may work well. i liked it so much though i ordered a second one in
This top looks exactly as pictured, it is a little more billowy but i liked that about it. i found that it ran true to size and i am 5'8'', 128lbs and ordered a small. i am going to order the white because the cut is super cute.
This is a beautiful dress! great and flattering fit, comfortable, adorable print (the blue is stunning), and nice movement. one can't really see it in the photos, but the skirt is actually pleated. imo this adds interest and originality to the dress. i've been getting lots of compliments. get it while you can!
Love this shirt, can dress up or more casual. wish i would of purchased all colors!
If you are looking for the perfect t-shirt to add a little flare to your basics this is the one for you. it is so comfy and baggy yet still looking like you pulled yourself together. i am just waiting for more colors to come out. i basically live in the green and white versions of this shirt.
One of the best retailer pieces i have ever purchased!  high quality and fits true to size.  i have a large chest, and this minimizes and creates a really nice silhouette.  i highly recommend, got so many compliments i bought both colors!
Such a cute top. does run slightly big, depending on how loose you want it to be. for such a simple design, the quality is great.
A perfect little simple style summer dress just throw it on with some trendy sandals and off you go. runs true to size. just wished they would of made it in other colors and prints.
Love this tee! it's stylish and comfy. i ordered the white and it's a thicker fabric, so i don't have to wear a camisole underneath.  i want to order more colors.  it does slightly big.
Love this crinkle cotton top for spring. the print is great and i can't wait to wear it!
I bought the top in an x-large because i normally wear a 12/14 and i was swimming in it. i unfortunately returned it but did eventually buy the large. it is a cute fit and a fun tee to have. the fabric is soft but a little excessive on the bottom.
I purchased this in the green color, and in person it does have a little bit of blue in it so it's a very flattering color. the blouse has a simple shape but the details are what makes this an interesting piece. it looks as good under a suit as it does with jeans and a leather jacket. fits tts.
I love this t-shirt, i feel classy, stylish and comfortable wearing it. as other reviewers have noted, it is bellowy in the peplum, but that is the design and i love it. it looks great with skinny jeans and can be dressed up or casual. another terrific purchase from retailer!
Since there was only one review on this i thought i would chime in. i had been eyeing this for months and was able to get it on sale which was a plus since this had a pretty hefty price tag to start. that being said, the tailoring and detail work on it is just beautiful. i am a little worried about how the knit will wear but not worried enough to return it! as far as sizing goes, i ordered a 4 in the last byron lars dress and i am a 4 in this too. it fits snugly, but a 6 would have looked lumpy
Love this easy caftan short dress so soft easy and so stylish
Great sweater vest. its not too thin or too thick, just right for fall or winter when its time to start layering. the material is a nice soft knit and the zipper on the back is a great addition. its easy to put on and i don't worry about the zipper snagging the material and causing any damage. i plan on pairing it with a polka dot long sleeve shirt that i have and it looks great. i am looking forward to wearing this when the weather becomes cooler. highly recommend. i am a 36b and usually wear a
Had my doubts and ordered on sale just to try. am amazed how often i have worn this jacket!! goes with a lot of pants and skirts. great buy on sale. am 5' 6 1/2" 150lbs and medium is perfect..
When i saw that these were on sale, i was actually going to order another pair as i have really been enjoying them and wear them quite a bit. unfortunately, the large that i take is sold out otherwise i would own two pairs. although these are called lounge pants, i put them together with white or black accessories and have worn them everywhere. since my legs are not long, i did have to shorten and they are still a bit longer on me than the model. however, it was well worth it.
I love vests and this is a great one, warm and cute!! because it is sweater material some of the threads look like than can pull, but i still think its stylish and different and still a classic to have!
Love everything about this jacket its super soft, thin, and looks great! it's versatile and a great layering piece for someone that lives in a very warm climate! prefer the sleeves to be worn rolled up and the inside belt definitely helps give the piece more shape and dimension!
I love this thing. i bought it yesterday and already am wearing it today, and i have been known to leave things sitting around in my closet for awhile before i wear them, especially if they aren't a sure thing. for reference, i am a curvy, busty size 14. i bought an xl but a l would have worked too. it has a drawstring on the inside back and on the bottom center back hem, so it can be adjusted for more shape through the waist. it has a beautiful drape, is very soft, and the embroidery makes it s
I was able to try this one on at the store, and it was so loose on me, i assumed it was a large, but no, it was a small! (i usually wear size 6-8 in dress size, s/m in tops) admittedly, it does pull over the head, with no zippers or elastic to give shape. but it feels like water on the skin and has just the right amount of "show it," plus coverage for wearing around the house, i'm keeping it.
Love the fabric and the casual way this jacket drapes. the color is nice, i bought the blue. usually wear petite sizes but they were sold out so bought the misses in medium and it works perfect. like i can layer it for summer/fall since its very light weight fabric.
This vest is well made and a very flattering cropped silhouette. i typically wear a 0p and ordered an xxs--it fits perfectly. it looks awesome with the shirt pictured underneath.
This skirt is gorgeous!! drapes beautifully & the color is vibrant! get it!! you'll be so pleased! i sure am!!!
I purchased an xl and am 5'8"tall. the pants fall near the ankle just like the pic. i plan to wash on my gentle washing machine cycle. the texture fabric print will pair well with any printed tops you choose. these lounge pants are great for everyday wear especially for errands in town. so much better a choice than yoga pants which to me look ridiculous when wore in public. so ladies, please leave your yoga pants for the gym and treat yourself to these casual, comfortable pants. i have two pairs
If i could tell you how many compliments i got on with this coat, i would end up writing a book. this coat is beautiful, fits like a glove. i got the size 4, went into the store to try it on to make sure it fit right and tried on both the 4 and 6. i'm typically a 2, so i guess i went a size up. this coat is striking and the colors are beautiful.
This is a super cute t-shirt!  it runs a little big and not as long as some t-shirts which is good.   it hits mid-hip on me and i'm 5'7".    i got the gray at my retailer store and liked it so much i ordered the black one too.   warning:  the black one is actually a brownish-black which i didn't like so back it goes.
I was so stoked about this swim suit.  i bought it for mine and and my husband's anniversary trip.  it didn't disappoint.  it was gorgeous.  amazing quality. fabulous on.  unfortunately in my case though - the bottom is incredibly low cut and showed my c-section scar. so it had to go back :(
Love this coat. the colour is vibrant and it is well made. it does however run small. for me it was two sizes. i am usually a 00p and ended up purchasing the 2p. glad i tried it on in a store. it is a good spring/fall coat as it is lightweight. if i had purchased the 4p i could layer it a bit more. good but though. just be sure to size up.
Got this in medium (5'6', 36c, 120 lbs.). many of retailer tops i'm a small but this was a good fit for the m. got the white. not really see through but need to cut the side tag out as it shows through. i'm not sure about the other reviews - this was totally not boxy on me - falls very nicely and drapes slightly. a really sweet but simple tee shirt to wear in the summer. you can wear this dressed up with heels, stacked sandals or just with flats - ballet or strappy sandals. looks great with rolled
I bought this skirt in the blue motif in my usual size large. it is very comfortable, light and it is lined! i wore it with a navy cotton lace meadow rue top from last year, gold gladiator sandals and a long gold retailer necklace.
Just the perfect weight for summer wear. falls gently over tummy without being too long and the ruffled edge and quirky uneven length make it just interesting enough to make it feel like more than just a tee shirt. i got it in black and re-ordered in pale blue and am hoping the lighter color is not "see-through." this is a nice buy on sale and can be dressed up or casual. it feels and wears great but i have not washed it so gave it a good on quality. if it washes well then an excellent would be
My daughter loved this tee the first time she tried it on. since then i have purchased the white, yellow/lemon and rose pink colors for her. the material is soft, it washes well and it looks great. she says these tees are some of the most comfortable she owns and it looks good with shorts, jeans and leggings.
The ruffle is a sweet detail on what might be an otherwise basic, rather boxy shirt. it is a nice weight and drape, but please know it is a bit short and square. i love the asymmetrical ruffle, however, and think it makes this tee worth it.
Love this dress! paid full price and completely worth it. fit tts for me- i'm 5'8" 135 lbs., with a slim upper body so i had no issues with the neck being tight. definitely would be braless or need a strapless bra. gorgeous material, light and breezy dress. best retailer purchase in a long time!
Great color fit was very true to size
I love this tee shirt. i love the higher neckline and the feminine and subtle ruffle at the bottom. it is my favorite tee by far! i am buying my second round of it now. i have one in coral, light blue and i am ordering more. the only down side is that both of my current shirts developed holes veyr quickly.; one on the shoulder and the other in the usual belly area that comes from the granite counter and jeans top button. there is no excuse for the shoulder holes in my mind...but i love the look
This top is easy with nice hem detail.
I tried on a size 8 in the store just for fun... (i am a 0 petite) and then decided to take a chance and order my usual size. i was a little worried as many reviews said the dress was small, but it was on back order and decided to wait before ordering a size up. the 0p was actually fine, yes, it is a little hard to zip up, but once on, it is totally fine... not even too snug... but i didn't sit and eat... we shall see. i don't plan on ordering the size up. i think the zipper needed some wiggling
Bring back the old retailer timeless pieces! this cardigan is very flattering, the flutter sleeves add a romantic touch to the cardigan. the colors are neutral, and the vine part (black) is like velvety. the fit is super flattering, i originally bought hte xs in the store, but decided to also order the xs petite to compare ( i am 4115 lbs, 5'1.5" and 30 dd, with 26-27 waist). both fit, but the petite was better fitted on my waist. also, the length would work better on top of dresses. i also tried
Love this top! got it in the blue and it looks great with jeans, shorts, crops...some say it's a little short and boxy. while the style is cut larger, i wouldn't call it boxy and i definitely didn't find it to run short. a great staple, wish it came in other colors besides white and black/gray.
Super cute!! will be buying another color of this tee.
Nice top that can be worn alone or underneath a sweater. can be dressed up or down and worn in all seasons.
I debated between the xs and the small..and ended up with the small because it's 100% cotton i probably couldn't probably gotten the xs one. we will see if it shrinks. i hope it does a little. i do wish the retailer sizing was a little more consistent because sometimes the xs is fine.
I bought this for my mom's birthday and she loves it. fits true to size and flattering for all busts. mom went up a size to be able to put a sweater underneath but she received lots of compliments at a recent function she wore this to. great lines.
I love this top! i was thinking that i was going to need a x-large because i'm very "busty". i tried it on at the store, and the large was perfect! it's comfortable and flattering. not boxy at all. i bought it in plum and white. the plum is more a wine color than a purple, which i prefer.   the buttons are beautiful, but i couldn't see myself buttoning and unbuttoning all of them, since they don't slide out of the buttonholes easily. but i had no trouble slipping it over my head with just a fe
This shirt is awesome. i absolutely love the style of this shirt! it's super flowy, and is a really breathable fabric. i've been wearing this shirt a lot lately with printed pants. the only downside is the quality of material. it kind of feels like this shirt could have been made myself with a plain t shirt and some basic sewing skills. it also feels like it's going to start falling apart at the arm seams. nonetheless, i adore the shirt, and will be getting a lot of use out of it this season! no
Love the design and colors runs a but large through the middle
I was looking for cute comfy stylish tees and was ecstatic when i came across this one. i purchased the coral and i love it! it's adorable on, i'm going to purchase another color. so happy!
I think this top works best for a petite person. i am 5'1" and 106 lbs. the xs is perfect for me. i love it so much, i purchased it in more colors. i machine washed and line dried. it washed beautifully.
This is a great t-shirt; i love it. it fits great, isn't too bulky and has a great length to go with anything. i love it.
A great basic t, so very much cuter than most. i have black and white both and wish it came in more colors.
This cardigan is beautiful with its cropped fit, flutter sleeves and vineyard detailing. i can see wearing this a lot this fall and winter. my only complaint is that the sweater was pilling/shedding quite a bit the first time that i wore it. i hope that that doesn't happen every time that i wear it. i also have yet to wash it to see how the fabric looks after washing.
I bought this in the sky color (and sized down from my normal medium) and absolutely love it. i don't think it's boxy at all. on the contrary, i love the way it hangs (i don't find it to be short either, though i do tend to layer with a longer cami underneath). p.s. the ruffle detail is precious!
Love this shirt so much i bought it in 2 different colors. the reviews said it was so boxy and plain, but i disagree. looks great with jeans or a skirt without looking looking too casual. love that they are not too long also. so many tees are soon long and these are not thank goodness. definitely runs big
I absolutely love these tees! i have them in almost every color - i find i can wear them with almost anything (can dress them up or down).... i feel like they are true to size. i purchased the small but i probably could have worn an xs too - i wanted a looser fit. also, they wash and dry well too! for reference: 32d, 27, 35
This dress did not disappoint. it fits great. i'm 5'3" and weigh 114 and i got a petite xs. length was perfect, i have a longer torso, so the waist was a bit higher than mine, but it didn't sit strangely and hung well. i am small chested, and the top fit me very well, i think if you have been blessed in that area, you may want to size up.  overall, it really is beautiful, the pattern and the unexpected transition from one pattern to the next is just what i hoped for and why i buy from retailer. i
I love this tee. as others have noted, the "pink" is really more of a coral orange, which is what i was hoping for. i wish they had another good color for a redhead because i would buy it.
As-advertised crop sweater is a great length. design is an iron-on velvet texture rather than intarsia. weight of sweater is great for transitional weather.
Just loved it at first sight and waited for it to come on sale .. i am usually a size 0 or xsmall but this one fits perfectly with a size 2 .. i am about 122 lbs and 5 ft 2 and this size fits really well - - petite is too short esp on the arms -- the lining is really nice as well - the design and the cut of this coat is really flattering unlike some of the boxy designs -- absolutely divine - just loved it !!
The best shirt to throw on with a pair of shorts and it's effortlessly adorable!
I have been wanting this coat ever since i tried it on in the store a month ago. it's beautiful and well-made. it fits tts, but a snug tts, so if you are between sizes, i would order up. grab this asap while the price is right and it is still available!
This is a great shirt to wear with jeans or pants. i love the tucks in front with brass buttons. you don't have to unbutton all of them as the shirt slides easily over your head, i love the pattern and it is a great look for fall and later on winter . i think this will be my go-to shirt this season.
This coat won't take me through a cold boston winter, but i will be willing to sacrifice a little warmth in order to take this beauty out for a night on the town. it's chic, slim, elongating and bold. it looks fantastic paired with some bold tall boots and solid colors underneath. as for sizing, i tend to disagree with most "runs small" reviews, but this baby runs small. especially if you really do live in a cold climate and intend to wear something substantial underneath. my bust measurement is
I picked this up during the bf promo and very happy to find my size 10. i was watching this coat, i call this really a topper, because it is not heavy and finishes an outfit, i went up to a size 10 because it runs slim as noted in the description and the reviews. i find this piece to be a reminder of the old retailer pieces i have collected over the years ( since 2001!) my chest is a 34dd and even then the 10 is snug. i can't wait to wear this bold statement piece, i purchased the bailly 44 navy p
This skirt is so much better in person than in the pictures. fit is true to size, perfect drape, lined & not clingy, just perfect in every way. it's at such a decent price point too that i think it will sell out--grab it now in your size while you can!   only "con" i can think of is that it might be a bit long for petite sizes, but maybe they make it in petite...?
I have a couple of these tanks so i thought i would try the tshirt and its even more flattering than the tanks (which i also love) great material, doesnt stretch out like you would think it would and looks great with shorts or pants.
This is an awesome t'shirt and i'm so glad it finally went on sale. i had been eying it for a while: it's true to size, can be dressed up with nice slacks or dressed down with boyfriend jeans. washes great and looks different from other shirts -- the ruffles on the bottom really make a difference. gotten lots of compliments.
I picked this dress up from the sales rack at retailer and immediately fell in love when i tried it on. the colors are prettier in person. the cut on the top is a little snug. my bust size is 32b and i got the size 2. i can see the top being an issue for bustier women. overall, wonderful quality and design! i'm wearing it today to combat the 90 degree+ weather.
This sweater is really beautiful! i love this brand and this piece is one of their best yet! the fringe is perfect and flowy, a sweater that you can team with jeans and boots and be the best dressed in the room. tts, soft with no itch, really happy i bought it, and because of the color and weight this is an all year sweater which i love, because i know i will not want to pack it away. it fits just like the photo.
Gorgeous print on light weight layers in a cut that's flattering, feminine & fun.  i sized up and ordered the the 12p to fit my large rounded rib cage & 36dds.  i agree with previous reviewers that the bodice runs small.  i will add that the neckline is tight if you have a fat neck like mine.  stats are 5'3'' 140# 36dd 8/10 on top, 6/8 on bottom.
I'm a size 2 in retailer pretty much across the board - size 26/27 bottom, 2 top, generally go for the xs. and i ordered this in a 4 based on other reviews. it's definitely not a winter coat, which i understood. it's not for layering over a heavy sweater either. i wish i had ordered the size 2 instead so that it was a little snugger in the waist. as is i can wear it over a shirt, dress, or light sweater, and that's fine, but unlike other reviewers i don't think you need to size up if you want the
I knew i would keep it as soon as i put it on -- comfortable, beautiful fabric, cute gold buttons!  as well, due to the cut, it feels roomy, but has a slender fit around the arms.  the "denim" color has beautiful detail, but i don't think i would like the maroon solid.  i wish there was another nonsolid color -- i would buy another one!
From unique shape to feminine design, this cropped summer sweater is the kind of item that attracted me to retailer thirteen years ago.  it's also flattering, especially for this petite, who doesn't like to show her upper arms.
This coat is just as nice as the russian one from a few years ago, and fits the same. it is stunning! i swear, life is way too short to wear only average coats. if you are a parks and recreation fan, think back to the treat yo self episode.....and you'll know what i mean! i can't say enough wonderful things about this one.
This is the kind of blouse you want at your reach when dressing on a humid day. cotton enhanced with beautiful detail. a very classic timeless, ageless piece. i bought the medium, which fits perfectly (size 8 top, 34f). my only ding is that the neck opening should be stitched less deep; there is a gap. funny thing is that, in the photo, the model's blouse is pinned exactly where i'm talking about. i didn't take off a star because i had a dressmaker fix the problem, but this was annoying. i wore
I saw this shirt on a friend and had to buy it right away! it has the comfort of a regular tee but the frills at the bottom give it that retailer look! true to size.
I bought this top in the store where i found they had a beautiful mint color not shown here. i think the length is perfect. so many of the tees, etc. are extra long, so it's nice to have a variety to chose from. i'm 5'5" and this little tee hits right where my legs begin. it is very free flowing and cool. i own several similar tees and tanks from this line and they are great when the weather gets hot.
Love this! it's loose and easy for summer, fabric is not too sheer. the asymmetrical ruffle is such a cute feature. washes well. i got the pink for myself (though it's a deep coral color - perfect for me) and the gray for my daughter. wish they'd had the powder blue when i bought ours; i'd have bought that color for her instead.
There may be no inner lining, but it is a gorgeous bra! and so comfortable! the straps and well make and sturdy and the detailing is stunning. it is absolutely true to size. 34c fit like a glove. a winner!
I love this coat! i purchased the size 6. i am a size 6 petite, but they were out. plus i wanted the coat to be a little longer. i wasn't a fan of how high it was on the model. it fit as i expected. i will have to take up the arm length, and it hit a little longer than it did on the model. i am 5' 120 pounds. 34c  the quality is what i expected. it's excellent with lining. color is as shown. this coat will go with everything! i plan to dress it up and down. i purchased the "orange" pants and the
As other reviewers said, this top is rather boxy. but i assumed it ran big, ordered a size down, & i love it. i ended up buying it in both black & white. personally, i don't find it too short. it hits (on me) just below the waist of my jeans - it covers up my tummy - which no one needs to see - but still looks youthful. the little ruffle detail & front seam take it from boring basic to something special enough to feel put together by just pairing with cute jeans. i generally wear a 14 & 38dd bra
I bought this dress for an awards ceremony, and couldn't be more pleased. the quality and detailing on the dress are great, and the hidden side zipper makes the dress easy to put on. i love that it's machine washable on a delicate setting. i've already worn it twice, and can't wait to wear it again for easter.
This is the perfect tank for everyday but it looks like you've dressed up a bit. i love the flow and the ruffles and it looks super cute with a pair of skinny pants. really comfortable and it is good quality.
This dress is lovely. the embroidery is beautifully done and with bright colors. the material is sturdy. the fit is overall true to size but slightly small through the bust. the length is several inches above my knees and i ordered the 6 regular even though i am only 5'4". the pockets are a bonus!
This is beautiful dress with great fit. i agree with other reviewers that the top is small but works well for my small bust size. the fabric is heavy giving the dress a more sophisticated feel.
This is so amazing! the dress is solid and will go under many different jackets kimonos and sweaters!
I bought this to wear to holiday parties, but it would work for any special occasion. the embroidery is gorgeous and really pops on the black background. the dress itself is a brushed cotton that is thick enough to not to show every bulge. i said it runs tts. i bought the size 2 and normally would wear a 2 or 4 in retailer dresses. the dress is fitted through the torso and flairs at the hips, so you may want to size up or down depending on your body type.. i did not have any issue with the armhole
This was a rare full-price purchase for me. i do think that it runs slightly large, but that is part of the "look" of this dress. i considered sizing down to an xs for more definition at the waist, but they didn't have one in store so i decided to stick with my regular s. i look forward to wearing this with sandals while summer is still sweltering, but i also think it will transition well with tights, boots, and a cardigan when temps start cooling off.
This is a great, versatile everyday tee. the fit is flattering, and the material is soft and lightweight. this, like many retailer tops, runs large under the arms. i first tried the medium, and although i liked the way the tee hung, it gapped in my underarms. there was no small in my store, so i tried on the xs. it still hung nicely, and no underarm gap. love the simple colors - denim blue and gray is a great combination. liked it enough to pay full price:)
Pictures don't do this dress justice, color in store is much more vibrant! embroidered flower is more orange/coral colored. also, at certain angles (depending on the lighting) this dress looks navy blue versus black, which i enjoyed. sizing - while i could have gotten away with my usual 8 the side view was too voluminous and somewhat unflattering so i ended up sizing down to a 6 for a more tailored look.
I usually wear a size small in deletta. i am 5'5" and 140 pounds. the small ran true to size for me. saying that i am a size 8 so usually everywhere else i can take small or medium, so i can see how reviewers say it runs big. love the ruffles on this tank. makes it a little more special. super comfy and easy to wear. will be great for hot summer days in florida!
This is a really pretty top that you can dress up or down. the draping on the neck and shoulders falls nicely and i love the back with the lace. it is simple but unique and has nice classic lines. i am usually a pxs but based on the measurements i went with the regular xxs and glad i did bc the petite would have been too short.
In agreement with all the reviewers before me, this dress is gorgeous! i am 5'4" 120lbs 34a and got this is in a size 0 and it fits perfectly but i would be in a little bit of trouble if i were significantly larger up top, so if you are, definitely size up. the material is thick, structured and very well made. every time i wear this out i get a ton of compliments! one of my favorite parts about it is the intricate embroidery on the neck-line that gives the illusion that you are wearing a necklac
This is a soft, comfortable shirt. it fits like a t-shirt should. i usually buy m but based on other reviews i purchased s. the fit on me in size small is similar to the model in the photo.
I ordered this on a whim during the 40% discount upon sale price. i was a bit worried it looked like a burlap sack initially, but after trying it on with an under tank and leggings i decided it was a keeper. its quite soft and is flattering. i usually wear a medium, got the m/l and fits well.
I absolutely love this dress. the pattern is gorgeous and it is so comfortable. i have received many compliments every time i wear it. i will definitely start paying more attention to this brand when shopping retailer.
This is the perfect dress for going out and wearing to work (with a jacket or sweater and boots). it fits perfectly across the bust and waist and then has enough room to glide over the hips. the material is structured enough to give me a nice curvy shape and the embroidery is well done and beautiful. my husband picked this out from the catalog and loved it on me as well.
I like this top because it covers the bum.  it is a little longer in the back than front.  it is cotton modal soft, and it is light enough for summer.  the ruffles add nice flow and fun detail. i bought this piece because it will make a nice top to wear in the summer, but classier than a tank top.  i also knew it would make a nice layering piece under a sweater in the winter.  i buy all my clothing pieces now based on versatility, material (for comfort), and classical style.
This dress has the same bold, great color as the picture. although it has a big "swing" to it, because the upper portion is a bit fitted, i don't feel like i look pregnant. the material is extremely well done and i like the above the knee styling. i'm very happy i bought it.
Love embroidery!
This dress is gorgeous. i tried it on in the store several weeks ago and loved it, but the cost was a deterrent. when it went on sale, i ordered it immediately. hoping it gets here soon! the fit is wonderful, length perfect, embroidery just beautiful, and quality is excellent. it is versatile, too; easy to dress down with a sweater and boots, and beautiful for a more formal event like a wedding. for fit reference, i am 5'8", 130 lb and ordered size 6 (this was the correct fit in the store). exci
I just wore this dress tonight to my holiday party and received many compliments on it. it's so comfortable and even though the fabric is thick, it's not bulky or stiff like some embroidered fabric can be. and the side pockets make a great addition too. unlike other reviews, i thought the armholes were perfect. the cutout in the back is a nice touch, and i was able to wear a regular bra with it. the colors are beautiful and true to the pic, i was not surprised by the "brightness" of it like othe
Is it possible to be in love with a dress? i think so and i am. when i put this dress on it literally took my breath away. it is beautiful and very well-made. this dress is so fun! i wore it to an event this past weekend and received more compliments than i ever have on something i'm wearing. this beauty is so incredibly comfortable and bonus - it has pockets! i am a petite 4 and it runs very true to size for me. in the store, it looked more navy than black, but as i have it home, it is definite
I wore this dress to work with a tan pair of booties and the compliments started upon entry and did not stop till the end of the day. very feminine and comfy all at once.
This is one of those just throw on and go dresses that i love. it is breezy and easy, comfortable, but also polished and lovely with some really nice design features and a beautiful mixed print. you can wear it with some cute flip-flops, or polish it up with some cute boots.
This is beautiful - the colors are rich (though the pink is slightly more noticeable than the model image. the length was just shy of my knees at 5'7", and the fit was overall swingy. i am happy with my normal size s, though i would be curious to see how the xs fits too. i suspect that it would be too tight in the shoulders but fit everywhere else better. one major difference that slightly annoys me is that the sleeves are not long as shown in the model shot. the flared portion starts at about m
Adorable, old school retailer; the only gripe i have is trying to get this on. the slip is similar to putting on a straight jacket. once you figure it out, then it's gorgeous. just be careful and lay it out carefully before you pull it over your head.
Stunning! i got about 6 compliments the day i wore it. 2 different men i barely know said "you're really rocking that outfit."   i wish they made this in petite as the xs is slightly big (i'm 5'3" 106 lbs) but i kept it anyway since i'm both a little underweight right now and also since i was able to roll the top so that it was an appropriate length to wear with flats.   i paired with a denim shirt- perfection.
Love, love, love this dress! the fabric is high quality; the colors are rich and vibrant. the fit is very flattering, with the open neckline and fitted waist. versatile piece that can be dressed up with heels and jewelry or dressed down with tights and boots. my usual size fits perfectly.
This top is very cute but runs large. i am a 32b and i had to take the xsmall. the back of the bathing suit only has one slot for closing it up so you can't adjust it.
As the previous reviewer stated, this skirt is a stunner, can be worn in all four season. it's long and runs on the larger side. so that you compare, i'm 5'9" and it goes all the way to the side of my foot. i'm 146lbs, 28 waist, 38 hips and always a medium on maeve, this skirt on a medium was too big for me, at least a size larger. take that into account when ordering. other than that it's a great purchase. can't wait for my exchange to arrive.
This skirt has a more dusty black background than the website lets on, which i love. the floral pattern is delicate and subtle, and the tiers give this gorgeous skirt the perfect amount of flounce. it is so versatile! the quality is excellent. the skirt is fully lined. it will take me easily through three seasons (the weight of it might make it a bit too warm for summer). i'm so happy i bought this!
How can you go wrong with soft cotton top that is neither too snug nor too loose? expect will wear these as layers under when really cold and by them selves in early spring and in the fall. great colors and love the multiple textures.
This dress is so fun and very comfy! the slip it comes with pulls the whole dress together! it has been great for warm fall days, but i can see it being warn with leggings and boots into the winter. i love the combination of blocked deep colors along side of pastels. i'm 5'5" and the length is just right, not too short.
This skirt has a beautiful, flattering feminine fit. the floral pattern is delicate and a little different and, of course, the layers are what make this piece a stunner. i highly recommend it. can see wearing this all year, dressed up with jewels, or down with boots and a casual sweater.
I got this skirt because its elegant and can be worn in three seasons. it is stylish and can easily be dressed up or down. i usually wear an xs in bottoms and this runs about one size large in the waist area. still, i am keeping it and plan to have it altered. it is cute and completely worth the extra effort
Love the fabric, fits true to size, great quality.
Love this length, print and material! have already worn 2 times and wears and washes well! sleeves are short than pic shows but i don't mind...
I thought these were great everyday shirts for the price. i got them on sale over christmas. they fit well and i really love the striped shirt. the navy is an odd color and looks strange with jeans but i love the top regardless
I picked this up this weekend. so gorgeous! i usually don't do maxi length. at 5'3" it can be overwhelming. but this is so flattering! this is floor length on me. i picked up a couple tops at another store because the suggested sweaters were just too baggy for my frame. i'll pair it with a cream blouse (pictured) to dress up and a pink crepe blouse and denim jacket for a more casual look. i'm usually a 4 and the small fits perfectly.
This beautiful, soft, swingy, dress is oversized on me.  usually when someone reviews that a dress runs large but their body type is opposite mine, i pick tts and 90% of the time i'm right.  not so in this case. the outer dress is very wide and the amazing super stretchy under slip is too large also.  debating on sizing down because of potential shrinkage after laundering.  i bought m and my stats are 5'3" 140# 39/28/35.  dress ends just above my knees.   agreeing with the previous reviews th
Loved this dress but ran much larger than other maeve dresses i have ordered in the past!
Wonderful fabric. surprisingly great fit. super flattering. i'm so glad i bought it, despite jumpsuits being a bit of a risk online.
It was the color that prompted me to take this dress to the fitting room. as seen in the photos, it is a deep burgundy or dark maroon. though the color is deep and rich, the design of the dress makes it lighter and easily able to be worn during the heat of the summer.   in the later months of summer and early fall, i will wear this dress without leggings for a transitional look. when the temps cool down, though, i will wear leggings or tights throughout the winter with the dress. it will easil
These are nice dusty rose pants. they have a great textured design on them. they will look nice with a plain white tee or chambray shirt for brunch! i will say they are not soft like sweatpants, definitely feel like a poly-blend but the look makes up for it. the material is a little on the thin side and they are not lined....but not see-through either.
I wear cardigans pretty much every day since my office is chilly and i need something a little dressier to be able to wear that will keep me warm. i love the design of this cardigan which makes it very flattering-the longer in front is a style i gravitate toward and i like that the back isn't just straight but it has that little flair-this is not something that is commonly seen in a cardigan (unless it is short all the way around) and it was great attention to detail by the designer. i like the
I really like this top, it is form fitting and i think true to size that i would normally wear. i do not think the v-neck is too low so that i would feel comfortable wearing this even to work. i was surprised at how thick the fabric was, but i am typically cold so i like this feature. the criss-cross design in the front and back of this garment is very flattering and i get a lot of compliments whenever i wear this piece.
I just purchased these jeans on-line in my regular size 27 (5'4", 27/35, 116bs) and they fit me just perfect so they are tts. they are super soft and there's just enough stretch in these that i'm able to bend easily yet they retain their shape nicely. the pockets in the front are super cute in person and the back gives a really cute look. the color is just as shown in the picture, a nice shade of blue that's in the middle plus they are really incredibly soft. i'm only 5"4" but found the regular
I normally wear a xs, but i got a small so it would be a little longer. great quality and adorable!
I definitely agree with the other reviews, however i really like this skirt because it will go with a variety of tops to dress it up, or down, as well as color options. the tricky thing is that it runs super small. i'm usually between a 6, or 8 (28/29), and ended up getting a size 10. i don't like high waisted skirts or pants, so it sits just below my navel and is very comfortable. maybe best to try on in store, but worth it!
I wasn't sure about the color but ordered based on how much my stylist loved it. my usual xs petite fits perf daly, no chest problem (30dd) and the length is quite nice. romantic look, the drawstring in the back helps making sure the dress fits properly at the waist. it is a high low style with flowy skirt. overall great. i need to stop going to the store"
I love love love this cardigan!! i ordered it in plum, regular small as they were out of petite small ( my preferred size). i was very impressed with the quality of the cardigan. the details like the sheer fabric around the neckline are very delicate and beautiful. the waist line sits exactly where it should. i was worried it would sit too low as i am short and did not get this in petite sizing. so maybe i should say this cardigan runs small. i think i have found the perfect cardigan. it goes wi
I ordered the blue in size xl. it's even prettier in person. the fit runs a little smaller/shorter on me than shown on the model. i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. i love the detailed stitching. it is delicate and can catch. my dog's claw pulled on it and i had to reweave the thread back. i've washed mine twice, reshaped & air-dried. it didn't shrink much at all. it's perfect for spring & summer. i've gotten a lot of compliments on the shade of blue. it's really so pretty.
I love this top and bought it in both colors. what's really fun is that i found a pair of espadrille sandals to match the sandy beige and white colored top and i have attached a photo of me under my arbor to show you. these tops are designed to have a flattering fit. i ordered size small and they are not too tight. i am 36 c in the bust line and an hour glass figure on bottom. i love that they are off the shoulder a bit and in a v neck, which is flattering on me. the material is soft and of good
I was hesitant to try this top on because i thought it might be too tight, and then was delighted to find that it is so comfortable and flattering. i am usually a m and the m fit me great. i have to disagree with another reviewer that this top is for those of us b cup or smaller. i am a d and it fit me great. it's got enough give and support (great fabric and wrap design) to fit a wide range of bust lines. it's a great blend of being attractive without being too revealing. i love it. got it in b
This is a very substantial, warm sweater that is so classy and super soft and just different enough. really great with neutral sweater leggings or jeans with boots. you have to wear a longer tank or tee underneath as it it split on the sides but the belt cinches the whole sweater in.
Love this skirt its like a denim feel so there is good structure, love the colors anything goes with it, and i love pockets very comfortable day skirt for just around town
I purchased this sweater in the grey and loved it. much prettier in person, the photos do not show the delicate details, which are lovely. i found that it fits true to size and has a very flattering fit. it is also a very versatile piece depending on what you pair it with. i love it so much that i purchased the peach and wine colors as well. i found all 3 colors beautiful and each gives this sweater a different look. the grey is sophisticated and works well with almost anything. the peach is del
The gorgeous coral color of this skirt makes it a great all seasons skirt. the slightly heavier weight of skirt makes it extremely adorable for fall/winter. pair it with some tights, chunky knit and booties, good to go. very flattering one. has a slight a-line cut to it. i love love this one.
This is such a nice little sweater to add to a dress or tank. fits true to size and i love the tie and hook and eye closure. quality.
I saw this in the store, not on sale and loved it. was so happy when it went on sale! it is beautifully made and is soft and cozy.
I love it! it's cute and short and shows off my legs. the material is thick and great quality, so great for the fall. the color is great for florida!!! brightness year round. it's fits perfectly. i purchased a 14 and it fits like a glove. i am going to wear with my booties and a jacket like the model. hey it works!!!
I love these pjs! i thought $100 for the set was a little too pricey for me but as soon as they went on sale i knew i had to have them! they are so light and fresh, perfect for the texas heat! it helps that the print is absolutely precious as well!
A really great basic that can be styled a number of ways. i bought it in tan and white and received many compliments on it. the slightly off the shoulder look is really flattering and perfect for a spring or summer look.
I purchased both the floral sleep shorts and the top. the floral watercolor pattern is gorgeous and the fabric is very soft. like the other reviewers, i appreciate the feminine quality of this set while also being able to run around the house. i am 135 lbs and purchased a s.
Love this top the crossover design is so cute. i ordered by normal xs (5'5" 110 lbs) and was worried it wouldn't fit right in the chest (34 d) but it does and even though it's cut on the lower side it's made so there is no gap in the shirt when you bend over. has a little elastic in there to keep everything together. perfect length and nice thicker material got the navy and red stripe and with white jeans is so cute!
What can i say? it's like wearing a hug. it's so wonderful i have a hard time taking it off at the end of the day! it's extraordinarily soft and thick, and stylish to boot! the one thing is that the thread holding the pockets together was already coming unraveled when i took it out of the package, and i had to sew them back on right away, as they were starting to come completely apart. a small price to pay for being a new owner of the best thing ever.
I love the ruching on this hoodie, which is why i ordered it. i'm typically a size small, 34b, 130lbs but the hoodie was a bit tight in the waist and around the bottom band. i might order it in a medium (although the sleeves will likely be too long) the only thing that makes me hesitate is the color. it's more of a brown gray (instead of just gray as you see on your computer screen.).
Tried it on a whim and could not leave it behind. 5/4', 135, size 4-6, took a 6. something about the pocket placement, fabric weight, cut, and color make this one a real winner for me. plan to wear it with a creme windowpane coat.
This is the softest jacket! i could sleep in this fabric. the ruched details and fun collar make it unique. plus it has inside pockets! one of the best finds in a while.
I found this fit tts for me. i'm normally a 10/12 and took a 12. fit and length are great. the fabric felt substantial and the colors are soft.
The colors are so pretty, a pinkish brown and a light brown trim. it is very soft and elegant looking. great with jeans or leggings. the tie is a little high in back but looks great. highly recommend!
This top is the bomb. the red is a perfect balance of washed out but still rich. the thin spaghetti straps and scooped back make it sexy, but it still looks effortless. perfect to pair with light weight, light wash jeans. it's also nice that it's not clingy at all, lends to the casual look. total keep for me.
This fabric feels a little bit like heaven. i would totally wear this out and not just with my jammies. it's adorable and the fabric is so soft. i think i'm in love. i'm 5'2 95 lbs. xxsmall was a perfect fit.
I love this sweater! i ordered the dark gray and wasn't expecting fabulous but that's what i got. the skirt below the waist tie is actually pleated so that it falls perfectly. the seaming detail is beautiful. i am between a size large and extra large and the extra large fit perfectly. the sweater is short, half way down my hips but looks good over a long tank. this a medium weight knit and will be wearable all year with skirts, dresses and any kind of trousers. this is one of my favorite purchas
Loved the red and white stripes and soft fabric, lays nicely has a nice cut. pairs well with jeans and a cute casual jacket or dress it up. nice quality and color!
Bought the red/white. normally a size small but they were out so tried a medium. it fit perfectly. and feels amazing. love how it hangs and know i will get lots of compliments on this! jeans, white linen pants, very versatile how this can be warn.
Wow! love this skirt! and i totally agree with reviewers--this item runs a full size small. i am normally a true six on bottom and it was a bit too tight considering i would wash/dry/shrink. the size eight is perfect. fabric is very good twill and forgiving... $19.95 and 40% off!!! cannot wait to wear my bargain skirt next summer!!!
Love this shirt, great fabric and fit. trying to wait for a sale to buy several others in additional colors.
Can't wait for the weather to cool so i can wear this! the split back makes it very flattering.   the 'green' is definitely more brown.
On sale this is a great deal. the structure and fit of it are perfect- maybe runs a tad big, but i liked that- it's supposed to be a snug fit, and is, without being too clingy. i chose the berry color and love it- the ribbed style of fabric wasn't as visible in the pic online but i don't mind it in the darker color. can be worn with a bit of flair by unbuttoning the turtleneck or kept classic by not-
This is a great sweater that i know i'll get a ton of use out of! i've already worn it three times, and i've had it a week. i typically wear small or medium in tops and sweaters, and ordered a medium in this one to ensure the arms were comfortable. the nude color is perfect.
I love this sweater. i purchased it in the red/berry color. it is so incredibly soft and cozy and the fit is fantastic! it hugs my curves in all the right places! i purchased it without even looking at the care instructions. but, after reading a couple of reviews here, i opted to wash on delicate and line dry. it came out perfectly!
I have a long list of criteria for this sort of a top. the lace can't be too fragile, the top can't be too see through, it can't bind my arms in an uncomfortable way and it can't be dry clean only. the stars have aligned on this one! i bought my usual size 2 and it fits tts. i only wish it was a little longer but i will probably wear it layered with a long cami. it certainly seems worth it for full price.
I've only worn the sweater a handful of times, but i'm already in love with how soft and comfortable it is. it's a bit on the baggier side, but that doesn't stop it from looking great. i've gotten complements on it every time i've worn it. i would highly recommend it to people who don't like the typical scratchy/itchy textiles.
This has quickly become my go-to cardigan! it's light which will make it great for the spring and summer nights. i got it in the rose... and loved it so much i bought the olive too. bought a small- fits perfectly! arm length is great too.
I wear this top all the time! perfect with jeans and can't wait to wear with a skirt in the summer. i am 5'2 and have the xs which hits in a great length, just as pictured. i bought at full price, so for the sale price you are getting a great deal!
I have countless ag jeans but this has become my current favorite. i love cuffed jeans and actually ordered the two washes for this style. the lighter one which is getting rave reviews i actually returned because of too much distressing and stretch. i like this darkly uniform shade, slimming and more office appropriate for casual fridays. you need to size up on your usual ag size, however, to get the perfect fit.
Usually wear a small, sometimes medium. bought this in medium and am very happy with it. form-fitting but not too tight. would probably fit well in a small, if i was in better shape. it does show any flaws, so the medium is more forgiving. bought the black and am considering the neutral stripe. this is a great, medium weight top for cooler days. the snap collar looks nice open. i plan on washing on delicate and hanging up to dry. i never dry clean anything except wool suits and coats.
All i really need to say is this is the perfect layering piece. i love that you have a choice in the neckline that you want to wear. form flattering and is true to size.
I am always a fan of retailer cardigans, but this one exceeded my expectations. the quality is a work of art, especially the back and the color, i chose the green, is so unique and beautiful. you will not be disappointed, go for it!
I technically measure to a medium in both regular and petite sizing, but i took a chance an ordered the regular small in red. it is as depicted, and i agree that it is soft and can be clingy, but the regular size fits slightly too big on me. this is fine since it would show lumps otherwise. i bet this would be perfect had the petite size have been available. nonetheless, the fabric is substantial enough that it doesn't show the fact i carry weight in my upper body and stomach, so i'm keeping it.
I got this in the royal blue.it is absolutly beautiful.
Loved the fit. the size was true and it felt so soft on.
I loved this top when i tried it on in the store. i was very close to buying, but i knew my sister would want, so i moved on. it is a great fitting top. i am 5'7, 125lbs, and the small fit perfectly. i do question how well this top will fit petite people.
I love this top so much i bought it in 3 colors. the material is so soft and comfortable. has a slight fitting in the waist to make it very flattering. you can wear the next as pictured or button it up and slouch it and it looks great both ways. perfect with jeans or dress it up with slacks. just wish it wasn't dry clean only.
Got this for work (my style is casual to boho) and it turned out to be my go-to cardigan. the color is soft and pretty. it drapes perfectly. got the x-small and it fits beautifully. plus, the weight of the knit is just right for chilly evenings. would love to have it in more colors!
This top is lace done extremely well, i love the silk, the double attached layer, and the length. dress it up or down, this top is a definite show stopper. it does run small in the arms though, size up!
Lovely drape and design. true to size. more of a muted crimson/brick color.
I love this top! the unique neck detail is awesome! i dress it up; i dress it casual. works for every adventure. more!!!
Absolutely love this shirt. i purchased this in the black and blue. perfect for holiday parties.
High quality, great color, loved the neckline. unfortunately a little too snug on me so it showed my bulges on waist and back. not too snug if you don't have that problem. i loved this shirt but had to return it.
I was very pleased with this purchase. lovely print, good fit, and silky fabric.
I didn't think it was that cute in the picture online but when i saw it in the store i was in love!  i am typically a medium and this was true with this.  i have a 34dd chest and you can wear a strapless easily with it and it doesn't show. i am going to wear it for a cocktail party but it would work with flip flops too.  just love it so happy i went into the store and saw it.
Love this shirt. i have a bit of a tummy so i usually don't buy shorter shirts but with my high waisted denim and skirts it looks great.
Pretty delicate lace top...love it! hits right at waist so not unflattering at hips.
5,7" , 138 pound,, 73 year old grandmother. can't wear wool and always looking for stylish cotton/linen sweaters. ordered m based on reviews. very tight across back and sleeves too short. loved the style, the below hip length, and color so reordered in a large. still waiting for sweater. hoping it fits better
This bra is the one. i have been searching high and low to replace my worn out comfy bra, and this is it. if you are looking for a wireless bra with thin straps that can peek out from your shirt and not announce themselves as hello bra straps, a v-neck cut (none of that scoop cut nonsense), and you don't care about trying to boost your cleavage, this bra has it all. so comfy too.
I like the weight of this sweater. it breathes a little but the knit isn't too thin. it is a little see-through, so i like to stick to solids underneath it. it's just a cleaner look than seeing pattern peeking through. great rose color.
I bought this cardigan in both rose and nude and i absolutely love both! the weight is perfect for spring and fall and i love the details in the back and the pockets. i thought the rose would be hard to match for tops but i have a number of things that work with it. it fits true to size in my opinion.
Like the last reviewer i saw these pants in the store and decided to give them a try. i'm glad i did because i absolutely love them and they were the last pair on the rack. the fabric is nice and light, perfect for warm summer evenings and the pattern is really pretty almost like a watercolor painting. this is my third pair of sleep pants by elouise and i absolutely love them all.
These pants are beautiful. great fit and great fabric. really comfortable and elegant. i am tall 5'8" and have a long torso so it's nice to find pants that are high waisted.
It's very beautifully designed, simple but elegant. material is thick and soft so it makes good shape. color is a little different from picture but it didn't disappoint me because everything else is so good.
This is the best! i have the black and striped version and wear them weekly. great layering piece and also for fitting so they look great with skinny jeans. i love the snaps. i saw this at full price but waited for the sale so that i could get more than one!!! now i just need the gray one...
One of the most beautiful sweaters i've ever seen. i love it!
I bought this cardigan to take on a trip to the middle east. it turned out to be a great purchase. the weight of the sweater is substantial enough to add warmth and not just style. i am not a huge fan of light-weight sweaters as i tend to be chilly all the time. i was concerned that the design of the back might accentuate my rounder backside, however it drapes very nicely. i am petite 5'1" with moderate curves. i typically get the xxsp and this was perfect. the neutral color is great with almost
Fell in love with the design of this sweater. its lightweight, appropriately sized, with delicate details. the pockets are somewhat hidden which is a nice feature. the shawl collar falls just right. the unique design in the rear makes it stand out from your standard cardigan. i purchased in rose for a rich color addition to my wardrobe. the xs fit perfectly. i'm 5'3 and typically wear xs in retailer tops.
Great light weight sweater. perfect for spring. runs true to size. definitely will buy another color.
I bought this in a size 0 which is my usual retailer size. the lace is nice quality, not rough or scratchy. i purchased the ivory which does have some blush accents which make it look "vintagey". it will be perfect for the holidays or all fall/winter. i like that the peplum doesn't seem to flair out much. very pretty!
I bought this shirt in black and it goes with everything. definitely runs large-i have big boobs and bought the xl and returned it for the large which was even still a bit too big (long running in the sleeves) though i was comfortable with keeping it. it's a soft, comfortable shirt. the snap detail is quirky and allows multiple looks/ styling. i love the shirt and i'm glad i got in on it while i did.
Loved this cute dress. so easy and simple to wear. i wore it with tan/nude sandals to keep it casual for the race track in saratoga. so comfortable. for this price it is a must have.
I love this turtleneck so much!! got it in black. looks great with skirts and under sweaters. love that you can wear the collar two ways. drapes and clings perfectly. the silver snaps along collar are such a nice detail. details like this is what makes retailer pieces so unique. love it! i am usually an xs or small in tops. 34b bra size. i ended up with the xs.
This is a great sweater. it's lightweight and very comfortable. i bought a medium but really could use a small. medium still worked well though.
The quality of he fabric is amazing. the thickness is perfect as to look form fitting while not too tight or thin showing any "wrinkles." i had been searching for a versatile turtleneck i could dress up or down a finding this was a definite win! the style is timeless and with the high quality i know this will be a staple for years to come.
The shirts fits well. it is very soft and stretchy but thick enough that it's not see through. the collar is the best part. i wear small and i'm 5'3.
Purchased this fun, feminine top right before vacation and wanted to wear it every single day. the peplum style isn't typically something i gravitate to, but this peplum is the perfect length and i love the sheer 3/4 length sleeves. i chose the ivory version of this top and it was adorable with jeans, oxfords & a cute hat. for how beautiful this top is, i feel like the price tag is an absolute steal!
I saw the cream top online and loved it, but it is even prettier in person. i typically purchase petite sizes online, but i tried on the 0 in the store and it fit nicely-- not super fitted throughout the waist as others have mentioned, but the length was just right and the arms/chest fit perfectly. for reference, i'm 5'2", 100 lbs, 32b. this will look great with skinny pants or jeans.
I love this stylish sweater. i ordered black. it is very soft and comfortable. i wear it with snaps open or closed. looks great either way.
I am 5'4" so at the "tall" end of petit - and this is the perfect length. i haven't really done midi dresses before because i feel make me look stout. this is not the case. it hits mid-calf. the fabric is very thick, although for polyester i think it's kind of pricey. i'm going to keep it anyways, it doesn't look or feel cheap, and i think it will be good for travel because i don't think it wrinkles easily. the ribbon hits in a very flattering place right above the waist. i have a very athletic
Love the collar, cut is cropped but i'm wearing a tank under for hole coverage anyways. no complaints!
I bought this blouse in both the cream and the blue. both are lovely. i would say that the size runs a bit large, i bought size 12 and the bodice hangs away from my back, arms fit well though, loose fit. hangs well. the lace is nice and stiff. the cream has some cafe au lait shading on some of the lace so it could almost look stained. i don't think that will be how it reads, though, but fair warning.
Love this sweater! it's really flattering, long and lean, though not tight, just the right amount of shape and length for my size. i run between and 8 and a 10, and i'm about 5'8", i ordered the medium. i love the contrasting knits of the sleeves and body of the sweater. i only wish it came in more colors, i'd order it again!
So soft that i bought in 3 colors. i love wearing them. it is comfortable yet tailored. i highly recommend.
Retailer sleep pants are my favorite...the only sleep pants i will wear. fit is perfect. flowing shape and ultra-soft fabric feel like a little bit of luxury. first thing i put on when i get home from work!
I grabbed this pair of pj pants on sale, and i'm glad i did. the material is soft and lightweight-- ideal for summer,. they fit loose but true to size for a standard pair of pj pants.
I've been looking for a mid-weight, shrug-on cardigan for a while now and i've finally found the one! as a petite (5'4", 130 lbs) lady with big boobs, i hate clingy cardigans with buttons since they are just so unflattering.   luckily this cardigan is warm without being stifling, fitted in the sleeve without being impossible to wear over clothes with different-length sleeves, and perfectly cut to slim even thought it is shrug-y. i especially like the back details, which are even more curve-fla
This dress is so flattering on, i was astounded. often the "waistline" in the petite dress are very high, even though i'm only 5'1" tall, but this one hit at the right place and the skirt made me feel slim and tall. the fabric feels silky and the pattern is nice, but it is a pretty conservative style and perhaps a bit dark for spring. would be great for work, or church, but unfortunately doesn't really fit my lifestyle and i personally prefer a more unique style for the price. i highly recommend
I bought the sweater in nude, and it fits perfectly. it is so much better than a standard cardigan- it has beautiful details. its drapes so well across your body, and it longer in the front than the back which makes it hang beautifully. i wear this to work, but would definitely wear this on the weekends for more casual outfits- its very versatile.
I ordered this top in ivory in 2 sizes, because i'm in between and it looks so great in the photos and didn't want to risk it selling out while i debated sizing. i really loved the larger size because the material is not stretchy and i didn't want the sleeves to be tight when i move. it is somewhat boxy on the seam at the waist so i'm having it taken in a little so it fits more like a peplum and flares. adding a skinny belt just didn't distribute the excess fabric as i envisioned. it really is a
Ok, so by now, we know this is a cute top that is basically true to size but a little clingy. i prefer to wear it with a tank top or tee shirt underneath. it would also do well layered under something. for refernce, i am 5'7, about 120, and xs was the best fit.  but what i really wanted to mention is that i washed it in the machine on cold delicate and dried it on low, and it survived just fine!
So i love this top. i got it in black and red. both are amazing and go with about anything. they run a bit large. i sort of forgot to read the label and thought it was just a cotton turtleneck. i threw it in the washer on regular settings and cold water and hung it to dry. i would say it shrunk 10% at most. beyond that, no difference. in fact, it fits better after it shrank since it was a bit big. obviously, if you do not dry clean this, you are going against manufacturer recommendations, but i
I spotted this pj pants in the store, tried it on, and love it! the material is very soft and comfortable. the fabric is on the thin side, thus, one star off the quality. the pattern/color varies, the one i got has more pinkish flowers. i am 5'2", 120lbs, and size s fits nice. i could probably go down to a size xs, but i like my pj pants to fit a bit roomy, therefore size s fits better. the length is more like ankle length on me since i am petite. it is very cute on and perfect for a chill summe
I love this black turtleneck. arms are a little long, so should have gotten small. i wore it and love it! you can play with collar and snaps; up or down.
I love this sweater, i bought the grey and the neutral one. it is very soft, has great color combos and seems to have minimal pulling. even though it's lightweight, it keeps me warm.
Just a lovely soft and easy cover piece. the back is so different and interesting.
This polo shirt has just the perfect amount of feminine detail to make it a great addition to my wardrobe. i love the shorter version, and it looks great with both jeans or skirts.
This is such a gorgeous and unique turtleneck from retailer. my favorite color is the nude and buttoned neck is really pretty. i'm 5'1 and 105 pounds and i got the small since i liked the longer length and did not want it too clingy. it is a personal preference but you may want to go up a size. as for the dry cleaning, i washed this on delicate cycle without dryer and it came out perfect. love this!
Cool color, great feel to this sweater. nice with jeans, skirts, etc. very cozy to wear. i just want to keep grabbing it every morning.
I have two of these tops. the maroon and tan and white stripe. the material is great and the neckline lays great. it isn't too thick so i can wear it on cooler florida days. you can dress it up under a jacket or dress down with some jeans.
I got this in the red. it is a muted color that is very pretty. i am 5'5", and it is neither too long nor too short. it is a nice, light weight. the quality is good and on par with other purchases from this brand.
Great spin on a basic turtleneck! i like it unbuttoned just as must as buttoned! material is super soft. good length.
I love this top. i ordered it in a large thinking it would be a tight rib but it is not so i reordered it in a small. i am 5'7" 145lbs 34g chest. the small fits perfectly and probably could have taken an xs. it is stretchy but fits wonderfully. i bought the black. i love how the neck snaps and adds a little pizzazz to a simple black turtle neck. i'm wearing it today with straight leg jeans and my leopard print ballet flats. i feel like audrey hepburn!! i will not be dry cleaning it. i will wash
I absolutely adore this top! it is so versatile and looks equally beautiful with jeans as with dressier, skinny pants. i bought this to wear for our holiday photos and have gotten so much use out of it. worth every penny. i have just ordered the blue version and cannot wait to get it.
I am in love with this dress and can't wait to wear it to brunch this weekend! i am normally a ps, but they only had the pxs which i took a chance on. fits like a glove. slightly tight in the chest area, but i am chesty for a petite girl. the length is perfect and modest, the detail up front is adorable.
What a find! this skirt is so soft and fits like a dream. perfect shape and length. i've been looking for more pieces to match a couple of fabulous pairs of purple shoes i have, so this is just the ticket!
I love these jeans so much i have 4 pairs. i bought pink and gray last year and then black and denim this year. i am 5'4" 112 lbs. with a slim, straight, athletic build. these jeans look amazing on; they don't have those funny crease rolls in the legs because the legs weren't cut right, i don't have to tug on the waist to get them to stay up and they are just very flattering on. sometimes when i try on skinny jeans, they fit funny around the waistband and make my hips look weird. not these, i ju
This is the first one piece swimsuit i've owned since i was a toddler. i'm 5'3" and 120 lbs 34b bust with short torso and athletic built legs...so i wasn't sure how this would fit. was i ever surprised!! i bought the size small in the mint chevron pattern. the material is substantial but not overly thick. it is double layered and the cups are padded for extra coverage. it was a little tight to pull on but after having it on it conformed to my curves like it was cut to fit them. the top offers an
I noticed this vest hanging in my local store and tried it on on a whim because it felt so soft. i usually wear an xs or s in retailer's clothing so i tried on the xs/s and felt it was true to size - it's obviously large, but that's because that is the style! the shoulders fell perfectly. i was in love from the moment i put it on! while it's not my normal style, it was so soft and beautiful and it flowed perfectly, plus the extra fabric allowed for a bit of "cozying up" in colder weather by wrappi
This dress is beautiful! it is a nice, heavy fabric with stretch and just fits perfectly.
This ia a long boiled wool vest with some spandex in it. it is very soft and cozy. i went with the m/l cause i preferred the longer length, even though i also fit in the xs/s.  i have worn it many times, and my favorite way to wear it is with skinny jeans tucked into cowboy boots paired with a black lace top and a cool necklace. when i am hanging out at home in yoga pants and slippers, i throw it on when i get cold-its like a cozy hug. i highly recommend!
These run a tiny bit large, but i'm still keeping them. they are so soft and comfortable!
I love these jeans- they really added something special to my wardrobe!  size:  i purchased my normal size in the store and was worried they wouldn't stretch out. the sales clerk helping me order the larger size alerted me that these will stretch a full size as i wear them but i wanted to be sure so i ordered the larger size just in case.   i received the larger size and when i tried them on i could feel them stretching out right away and feeling too loose. i kept my normal size and wore th
Totally love this shirt as a basic with fun details. super soft great quality fabric, and the cutouts add the perfect bit of interest. can see this accessorizing well and looking good with jeans or skirts. really happy with it. fits loose, but tts.
Perfect way to add warmth in transition weather
Really love this bathing suit. it fits very well, definitely don't need to size up for this one. flattering to my mom-bod and breasts that have seen perkier days. excited to be taking this one to costa rica with me this summer!
Great jeans!!! i'm over 60 & it's difficult finding jeans. these fit like a glove, with just enough stretch & the twisted hem adds a bit of unexpected style. i liked them so much, i ordered another pair!
I stumbled upon this vest in my local store and i'm so happy i did. i was looking for a classic staple that will be on trend but pass into classic season after season. i wore this with a black 3/4 sleeve top, dark skinny jeans and black booties....perfect look for most seasons in dallas. so happy about this purchase!
I love the fit of this sweater. i recently had a baby and am a little self-conscious of my stomach area. the sweater, in my usual size s, hides my problem area without being big and boxy. the weave seems like it will be prone to snags, so i'll have to be careful.
Fit great and cute. cannot wait for summer to wear with sandals.
I bought a similar shirt from this same manufacturer in blue and i've returned for another. i love it because you can layer it. you can wear this over a colored shirt and the color will show through the designs in the yoke. it looks great with bright colors. yes, it wrinkles easily but i am hoping that it will wrinkle less each time it is washed.
Although i loved it i feel like its too hip for me! love the material, style, just doesn't look right on me!
This caught my eye straight away and it hasn't disappointed on either. really unique and i imagine it will suit many different occasions. high quality and slimming vertical stripes too.
These pants are very soft and comfortable.  great for lounging around the house and for sleeping.
I love these pants so much, i have them in two colors. they are super comfy, light and actually really chic. perfect cool girl pants. i have got so many compliments. my young students (4-5) love my "ninja pants"! i got them on sale. great, great buy. i highly recommend them.
These pants fit comfortably and are really nice on! they're not too bulky and can be worn in a casual way and/or with a formal look. i just wish black jeans didn't always have that odd rubber smell. other than that, these are great!
These jeans immediately caught my eye online, and when i saw them in the store on display, i knew i had to at least try them on. they are absolutely adorable. i love the uniqueness of the buttons at the bottom. great fit, and great stretch. i wore them for the first time today, and i had at least four people i didn't know approach me and tell me that they liked my jeans.
Ordered my regular size s early this week and was thrilled to receive them yesterday. they fit just as expected and are quite comfortable. i would definitely recommend them as a nice alternative to pajamas or even as a slip.
Did not even know this is available in petite! as someone who is at 5' exaggerated, there regular size xs/s fits nicely. great find. goes well with leggings or jeans. this will be a wardrobe staple for quite a while.
I cannot begin to tell you how much i love these jeans. i have been searching everywhere for the right pair of black jeans, and this is it. they run a little small and don't have as much give as regular pilcro jeans: i am normally a 28 in pilcro and i purchased these in a 29. the fit is wonderful and they keep their shape beautifully.
Absolutely wonderful! they fit like a dream. you could dress them up or down. i'll probably live in these jeans forever.
I was intrigued by this vest on-line but really wanted to try it on first before i purchased it. stopped into my local retailer store today and was happy to see they had it in stock. i am typically a 10/12 and purchased this in the m/l. this picture does not give the vest justice in terms of the way it falls, which to me is what makes a vest a success or not. also, the colors are great. i was wearing a cream sweater and black pants when i tried it on, went great with those colors but i think it wi
I love these shorts, the subtle floral pattern is even prettier in person. the drawstring waist allows me to customize the fit for my newly pregnant belly.
I have to disagree with some previous reviews -- i think the buttons on these ankle jeans really set them apart. they look absolutely adorable with booties, flats, wedges, heels, anything! and they're extremely comfortable and flattering, as most pilcros tend to be. i got my usual size 26 and the rise and fit is great. i think maybe they stretch out a bit; i've only worn them a couple times and by the end of the day the waist seems a little loose. but overall, great and a good price (at least co
I have never tried this brand before and was pleasantly surprised at the fit! i especially like the button detail as it makes them a little more dressy and different. i plan to wear with a simple white tank and sandals. i will definitely look for this brand again!
These are fabulous pants.  they can easily  be worn to work.  best jeans/pants ever for women with no butts!!  they stay up, and they're comfortable.  i can't  speak highly enough for these.  don't  ever stop  making them, retailer!!
I have this in another color and it is my absolute fav! transform any outfit! it has an over-sized fit.
Great fit. love the mid rise! my usual size 28 in these leggings hug in all the right places. they look on me as in the model pic except the length falls abt 1" below my ankles. i may have them hemmed after they're washed. just wait & see... 5'3" 117#
I love this suit! the fit is incredible.   i'm unsure that the fabric will stand the test of time, but i got it on sale, and i don't know about you ladies but ill do anything for a great suit!
I actually love these jeans. i feel they run true to size. i actually love the button detailing at the bottom. makes them unique and different from the other jeans in my closet. i can wear them dressed up with heels or wear with sandals.
I love pilcro's jeans. they fit adults without being mom jeans. the quality is great. the legging cut is simple with just the right amount of stretch. they're a tiny bit short but i like to show a little skin in booties.
I really love this shirt. the cutouts make it unique and the fabric is super soft for a chambray style. i thought the fit was perfect - i'm 5'5", 120lbs and i ordered an xs. still enough room to be comfortable. super cute! glad i bought it.
These jeans were a pleasant surprise. they are comfy, stretchy and fit right at the ankle. i have skinny legs and i love that these are a slim fit .i am normally a 27 waist but the 26 had a better fit. the dark demin and the gold buttons give it a dressy look. they also give my derriere a nice shape. i am 5?2?, 116 lbs and i have slim hips. to top it off, the jeans were an additonal 30% off the sale price!
I love the look of peplum tops, i think they are very forgiving, and they do a fantastic job of hiding my residual baby weight while still allowing me to look like i have an amazing figure (not washed out figure). i have several peplum tops, but most of them are made out of a thicker fabric and they don't have much movability. i absolutely love this one because it is a more casual design and much more comfortable than i am used to while still keeping the integrity of the peplum design. the fabri
I agree with the other reviewer, the picture does not do this jacket any justice at all. the material drapes beautifully and is easily cinched or opened up for slightly different looks. i kind of consider it more of a cardigan than a jacket and plan on wearing it over everything. i tried it on over workout gear and it looked great than wore it over jeans and a chunky sweater and it looked awesome. very versatile and flattering.
Agree with the others. when i saw this jacket in the store i really liked it, and when i tried it on i had to have it! it looks great, drapes beautifully and the color goes with so many things. my first instinct was to size up to a medium to maximize the drape, but it wasn't necessary. runs a tad on the large side.
Love the contrast of fabrics, thick and thin. comfy like a favorite sweatshirt but with style. can be worn both, on a night out or curled up on the sofa watching a movie at home.
Non-stop compliments! i wear this with dresses at the office, and denim on the weekends- super versatile.  this is one of those pieces that you keep forever.
These pants have a very odd design but they are so soft and so comfortable i could not resist. going on a trip to key west and thought they would be great for the plane ride. they fit true to size. could not pass up as they were on sale.
I would have never purchased this jacket based on the photo displayed here. it looks like something my grandma would wear. in person, however, this jacket is so versatile. the fabric moves with your body,and the ties at the bottom in the back and inside at the waist can be cinched to give it the look you want. i purchased this to wear with the weekend widelegs (which i also adore), and it's absolutely perfect. color goes with everything. i'll wear it with boyfriend jeans in the fall, too. great
I love, love this trench! i bought the grey, and it goes well with so many other pieces! i can dress it up for work or wear it out for brunch on the weekend. it's a great layering piece for the san francisco weather i'm adjusting to!  it does run a little big, but i don't mind because it gives enough room for layering. i'm short at 5'3 but still stuck with a small-- a small petite probably would look great as well!  hei hei consistently makes great jackets/trenches :)
This top is so pretty. i would say it's probably  about 1 size smaller than normal, but i like the cropped fit.
Love this top, just received it today. it is a very artistic interpretation for a casual top. the blue is gorgeous! the unique style of the peplm and the details on the front set this apart! runs a little shorter, but i feel the length enhances it;s beauty, and is appropriate for the overall design. love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ordered my usual size and it fits perfectly.
This is such a gorgeous shade of indigo! i was instantly attracted to it! upon trying on, i was surprised at how soft the fabric was. definitely a cozy sweatshirt feel in disguise! i love the peplum detailing and found the xs to be just right in length to my hip and everywhere else! i can't wait for it to cool off here in new england so i can wear this beautiful top!! i anticipate many compliments on s lovely top!!
I absolutely love this jacket! i wear it almost everyday. works as a cardigan or a jacket. my favorite retailer purchase so far:)
Wow this is a keeper. love how soft and special the color feels. the knit for back and arms makes it very comfy and easy to wear. not really easy to layer it since arms pretty fitted. love it with jeans since the back ends at waist.
This top has the thickness and comfort of a sweatshirt, with artistic flair and a figure flattering, unique cut. it works very well on me as i'm a petite large. i only wish it was a little roomier, or that i was 10 lbs lighter, but it's stretchy and i really love wearing it. the color is a rich indigo with a slightly worn look which adds texture and dimension.
I fell in love with this top when i first saw it in the store, and bought it during the 25% off sale. i'm petite, 32dd, usually a size 4. i tried the xs and s and while both fit, i like the roominess of the s so i got that size. i bought the regular size for a little extra length, but could have worn the petite. it's great for layering because of all the bright colors, and although the front is polyester, the back is knit so it's nice and cool. i personally love loose-fitting, shorter tops, so i
This dress is absolutely darling! it is light as a feather and floats on the body. the fabric looks almost handpainted and fits like a dream. i disagree with the previous poster and i think it looks very rich. super comfortable and i know i'll get lots of wear out of it. you can dress it up or dress it down. love it!
I love this cardigan. it's quite luxurious and roomy and long in the front, leaving lots to wrap around yourself. the back is more cropped and slim fitting to help balance. this is so soft and warm, i love it. definitely bulky and cozy, not fitted. but perfect for a casual look. i'm usually a medium in sweaters but got a small in this, and it's still a little loose which is perfect.
This top is very cute, very flattering, and very unique! love the high/low back! also very comfy, would recommend to anyone!
Soft, pretty design and perfect length. i'm 5'6" and the m fit perfectly!'
I could seriously sleep in this--it's that soft! i dressed this with a white tee and holey jeans then i wore it to work today over a blue midi dress. love this jacket!!!
This is a very stylish and unique trench. it does run a bit large as i am usually a medium in jackets, but needed a small for this one. i am 5'2" , 120 lbs., but with a large chest. i think it's very flattering. i have small hips, but the large pockets do not make me look bigger. it arrived very wrinkled, but i just touched it up with an iron. i think the color is more of a taupe-gray and will go with everything. love it!
I tried this on at my local store and immediately had to buy it. the picture does not do it justice. it drapes wonderfully in front and sticks out a bit at the pockets to give some added personality. fabric is very soft and light weight. highly recommend!
As other reviewers have pointed out, this jacket is way prettier in person than it is in the photos. i can wear it with just about anything. the fabric is soft and lightweight, and drapes really nicely. my only complaint is the photos make the taupe jacket look like it has just a hint of peach/mauve, but in person it's a pretty standard beige. i would have liked that hint of color.
These are the cutest pants ever. they are super soft and a nice lightweight material for spring/summer. sadly, i have to return them because they are huge. i generally wear an xs in retailer, and these literally fall off my waist and look like clown pants. i wish they made an xxs. if you size down at least one size, they are adorable!
Absolutely love this jacket.initially wanted to buy the melita draped jacket, which looks similar to this one, and tried them both on in store. the latter just didn't drape properly and looked more like a bathrobe on me, but this piece is amazing! it falls nicely and the pockets jut out a bit giving it a unique look. the fabric is fluid and soft and it has a tie waist with another tie in the back of the jacket,middle bottom, which is a bit of an added but subtle flair, the color is a bit more 't
I disagree with the fit description from the other reviews. i find the shirt to be super flattering and comfy. yes it it short in comparison to many styles these days. but it hits right at the waistline without being too short. super vibrant colors.
I do not understand how a couple people gave this a bad review. i loved this jacket from the minute i tried it on. cute in the picture and cuter on, because it is so comfortable. the fabric is super soft and does not wrinkle (as one reviewer stated). i took it on the plane with me just to keep warm and it was fabulous. looked as good going on the plane as it did coming off. the drape of the jacket flows nicely and i love the oversized pockets to stash my phone or lipstick. this jacket will carry
This was a nice surprise because it's a thick sweatshirt type of fabric. don't be deterred! it is nothing like a sweatshirt. it's comfy like a sweatshirt though. i'm 5 feet tall 120 pounds. i ordered my usual size petite small and it fit perfectly. what little height i have is in my torso. i didn't find that the top was short at all. it's without a doubt tts. order your usual size. if you have a tummy or bootie this top is the ticket! the description on the fabric details that the other reviews
No only is this a beautiful update to a basic white top it is incredibly soft. i couldn't pass it up and wish it came in more colors!
Love this & so cute to have t-shirt with additional details. usually get medium size in blouses but liked the fit of the large better.
Really love this blouse for several reasons....it fits! pretty true to size depending on how fitted you want it. not too much of a difference between a 6 or 8. it is a bit sheer but i am not worried about it. now my favorite part is the tie in the middle.....finally not a boxy waist, it's up to you to pull it in or loosen. the length is perfect...not too long so it works over skirts too. it is soft. my only concern is how long will it last. will require careful washing and ironing. may end up pu
I went into retailer looking for a specific dress and had to try this on when i saw how lovely it looked displayed at the store. it is a beautiful dress. not see through at all. substantial weight, not to heavy and so very beautiful. i stayed tts on it . i would have purchased it but was buying 3 other dresses.. i may go back as it will be perfect for the hot summer days.
I was so impressed with the quality of this top that i bought it in all the colors.. it is comfy and thin. i purchased my usual size . it is so adorable with the lattice stripe..
I love this top. i got the blue, the colors are deep and just beautiful i'm normally a large, so i feel this top runs large. i got the medium and it fits perfect  it is long, i'm 5'6" and it hits the bottom of my butt.  you won't be disappointed, try this top
I love this shirt. great mix of chic, comfortable and feminine! can wear for many occasions!
I just bought this dress as it went on sale recently. i read all the other reviews - and, imho, the dress is ivory not yellow as another reviewer suggested. i am only 5'2" and weigh 115llbs - there were no petite sizes available so i bought a size 2 which is a bit long, but that's ok. the arm holes weren't too small and the neckline is large enough to slip over my head. the dress is very much a swing dress...i wish there was just a little less dress...it really is too voluminous for my taste. i
Very happy with this top! love the design--very different. also like that the front panel is different fabric. buttons also are a fun detail. great shirt to transition from summer to fall. i usually wear xs or s--ordered this in xs and perfect fit. going to be a favorite.
I am writing a review even though this is currently sold out (and was just released). what i love: the fit: snug, not too tight, and xs is true to size in the sense of historically. the wasit is cinched in, ample room in the chest. the fabric is substantial (thick and sturdy) and not prone to wrinkle, based on me having it in the bag in the hot car) and no false pleats was created. the sleeves are fun and different, may be a bit much for some. it is in multiple pieces, why it flutters so nicely.
This fits me more like a tunic so i wear it with jeggings. i am 5'4 and usually a 10-12 petite and the s fit well. the arms are stretchy which i like since i have an athletic build. love the butterfly pattern !
I had to go up one size, but i love this blouse! dressy enough for work, and you can make it casual with jeans. tight across the chest, but the next size up fit perfect!
Love this tee. it has a drapery cut which i love. the only thing i found was that it ran a bit smaller.
I love this dress! it is super cute and swingy. a perfect summer dress - dress it up or even for a fun summer afternoon with sandals. the fit is great (the armholes on the regular 0 were a little big. the 0petite is much better)
The shirt is a little roomy but so flattering. the design with little see through holes across the shirt are unusual and make it unique.
This is such a fun dress to pull out during the summer. it is beautiful and i receive numerous compliments whenever i wear it. also, it is pretty lightweight, so it stays cool.
I purchased the tan "ish" gray colored one in xs. it looks a bit mauve in the pictures, but is still very beautiful.. i like the drape of the fabric and the cats on the front. the one drawback is that the arms are very snug, especially the upper arm and chest. i have not worn it yet and am debating whether or not to exchange for the next size up. just have to get to my area retailer before they sell out of the size small.
This is longer than i thought it would be- but again i'm petite! i ordered the grey and it's more of a grey green color that is absolutely beautiful. it is such a cute and easy top to wear!
This shirt is so cute with the cutout stripes and it goes with everything. it's easy to wear and true to size. you can dress it up or dress it down. the fabric is soft but also light weight. i am so happy to own this classic piece.
I love this blouse. it is perfect for a curvy figure. i think it runs true to size. maybe size up if you have a larger chest. i love how it is so feminine yet structured. the fabric is lovely, soft and structured all at once. love the knot, i tried it with the stevie ankle jean and couldn't leave the store without it. it is pricey but sometimes its okay to pay $$$ for a perfect fit!
I love this top! the arms fit slender but the rest of the top is a nice loose fit. i love the navy blue one with the print, i normally don&#39;t like long tunics but it&#39;s so flattering even for my short frame! i&#39;m usually a medium on top and bought the medium which was perfect.
The detail and overall quality of the fabric is incredible. i normally avoid swing dresses, but this is a flattering dress. i typically wear between sizes 2-6 (depending on designer) and a 6 fit me perfectly. i'm extremely happy that i purchased it and received compliments as soon as i wore it out. i'm also tall, so i have to be concerned with length of dresses and this falls perfectly right at the top of the knee.
The embroidery across the top is quite lovely. the softness and light weighted fabric was ideal for the summer months. making this purchase on sale was such a bonus!
This is absolutely beautiful. the picture online doesn't do it justice. i slipped this on with skinny jeans in the store and was hooked instantly. fit was a little large. i would have tried a petite but this shirt doesn't come in petite sizes. love this!
I tried this top on in the store before i ordered it online. i'm a size 2/4 (varies), and i ordered it in a size 2. i've been searching the perfect, fitted, white, button-down blouse for weeks, and i love this top! it's figure flattering, true to size, and a cute, classy alternative to your basic white button down. i can't wait to wear it! =]
I've been looking for a great white blouse for awhile, and this is it! the tie waist is especially flattering for hourglass figures, but i'm sure it would add some curves to any body type. the fabric is soft, not crisp, and drapes beautifully. you definitely will be doing some ironing, though. it's a bit sheer, but i always wear nude bras and felt no need for a cami. i did buy the regular, rather than petite sizing and usually wear a 0 or 2, but had to size up to a 4 regular to avoid gaping in f
I ran into retailer to actually return a dress and saw this hanging in the petite section and had to try it. at almost 5'4" i can sometimes go between regular and petite sizing. and thankfully i could grab the petite with this dress. (they didn't have the regular size) it's airy and summery, i love the design of the swing. it's loose, but not tent like. the length came to about 3 inches above my knee. it's not see though at all! i had black bottoms on and you couldn't see them. another plus it tha
I've had this jacket for a few weeks and it has been a terrific transition piece for the spring. this is a lightweight layering piece without any lining. it works well as a topper for cooler morning temps and you can still wear it later in the day without perspiring through it. i bought it in the olive color, which works with just about everything and the xs was tts (for reference-5'4,116 lbs.). the fit is slightly boxy with a nice swing and drape in the back. for those concerned about the back
I loved the print on both, but first bought the blue to check out the fit and feel. i went ahead and ordered the cat one today. the fit is relaxed and slightly oversized so if you want a slimmer or less boxy fit, size down. for myself, m was perfect since i'm built larger and broader on top. the top is a bit long, covers my hips and some of my bottom. it's a mixed fabric design, so the linen part may feel scratchy to sensitive types.
The label says 100% linen, but it's so silky and drapey that it feels like silk and linen. it's not a scratchy linen at all. it's a very very fine knit, but the top is not sheer. i do not think you need a cami under it.   i bought the xl and the fit is just as shown. it has a slight drape, but it's not really baggy at all. i bought the grey and it looks lighter on-line that it really is. it's a bit darker and has a silver essence also. i liked this so much, i just bought another one in mauve.
This is a fantastic top to wear with the paige high wasted flair jeans. love it
I wasn't sure about this top online. in the picture, it sort of looks like it juts out after the tie. but the reviews said it was really soft and flattering on. i wasn't sure exactly how the sizing translated (numbers vs letters), so i ventured into the store. i am normally either an xxs or xs in most retailer tops. i went with size 2. i think i would have been ok in the 0, but it might have gotten a bit snug in the shoulder area sizing down. and with the front tie, it can be cinched in to create
This top caught my eye in the store due to the beautiful print and lovely fabric. the photo really doesn't do it justice. i happened to have on a pencil skirt when i tried it on and the top looked great with my skirt though i will probably wear it more often with jeans or pants. it's a stunner!
The petites fit perfect!!  these are so comfortable, i will get much us out of them!
Just as beautiful as in the picture. it is warm and the best part is that it is not itchy! love it and cannot wait to wear it as the weather changes.
I'm 5'5", 115 lbs, with a 25" waist and 35" hips. i purchased a 25 and the fit was perfect. i'm just a bit short waisted, have a rather small waist and often find that pants of any kind gap at the back. these fit perfectly, felt great on, and i love the fabric.
Haven't worn it yet, but i am loving this top. it is much prettier in person. i sized up to a med based on reviews and it looks like it runs small. i didn't try it on until i got home and probably could have done ok in a small but will keep the medium so it's not tight across my chest. the knit material that makes up the arms and back is thin, which is my only complaint. if it was slightly thicker it would look nicer and i'm sure wear longer. i'm happy with my purchase-the colors, fabric, embroi
Loved my. mustard colored ones so much, i also bought the ligher green color. fit is wonderful- and very flattering. they can be dressed up or down. they look great with heals or booties!
I'm a 5'7"and curvy, these pants fit well and are so comfortable. i think everyone should own at least one pair!
I am two months postpartum and bought this top to have something to wear for a date night. it is so flattering and has a beautiful cut. loose but not baggy or unflattering. i bought a small but could have probably sized down... so there's a decent amount of wiggle room in the sizing. great length for jeans or leggings.
I ordered in this in the kelly green and loved it so much i wore it the very next day after it came in the mail. the green color is gorgeous and easily complements so many other colors in my wardrobe. the cardigan itself is super comfy and i love the full length long-sleeves! so many cardigans these days come with 3/4 length sleeves, which are fine, but sometimes you want a long sleeve. the fit almost runs on the larger side, but i think that a slightly looser look works well for this cardigan,
This one is way better in person. admittedly, i put it in my basket only becasue it was on the stylists picks...well, it is great. a little sheer, adn super static-y when i received it, but oh so soft. the plunge is a tiny bit low for my liking, but this doe'n'tt come in petites,so i had to suck it up and keep the regular sie. teh coloring is nice too, neutral, event htough there is rust and navy and greay-ish, it stil lcan be worn with anything..
I bought this cardigan in grey. it's sturdy, soft, great layering sweater over a top or even under a heavier sweater. the tail in back is long and unique. the shape is flattering. and for a lighter cardigan, it's more substantial than others out there. the sleeves are long enough for my long arms, which i love.
I love this sweatshirt! new favorite! it has a comfy meant to be oversized fit... love the little inspirational quote... and it's the kind of sweatshirt you want to live in! so stinking soft! got lots of compliments at the gym and the pick up line at school!!!
This top is lovely! exquisite embroidery in a silvery-beige color compliments the deep plum. the fit is close to highlight your curves, while being just a touch comfy. very chic for a jazzed up outfit for a night out with jeans or black pants and your best booties. i wear a size 8 normally and the medium fits me perfectly. my body type is curvy and athletic.
This top is beautifully made, but comfortable. the neckline is a stretch fabric and the cut is very flattering. the length is just short enough that it doesn't look like a dress.
Beautiful design and soft, warm wool. warm enough to have on outside in the fall (i live in pdx), and also stylish enough to keep on inside. buy the right size (not too big) because it's meant to fit on the waist and the skirt swings out from there!
Very comfortable. im 5'2 so i ordered the petite and its a perfect length. no need to roll up. slightly slim fit but not overly tight. typically order everything online and didn't need to return. ordered charcoal color which is simply a faded black/dark grey.
I'm a little on the short side, i was afraid it was going to be too long in the back. the sweater is perfect all the way around. i like the looseness in the front and like the way it lays in the back. the color is great.
So glad i purchased this tunic! just lovely. can see myself reaching for it constantly this summer. necklace friendly too!
Great chinos, but they run a size large. i ordered my normal pants size and had to return them for one size down. i actually like them so much after finding the right size, i bought a second pair in store. i have the grey and mustard yellow. love them! just order a size down!
Ordered the grey colored capris & they fit great. i am 5'5 110lbs and the size 25 fits me comfortably. i've recently been making a transition into more comfortable, looser style pants instead of skin tight jeans. these are great. still figure flattering, but comfortable and well made. the detail on the button section is lovely also.
I am 5-9 1/2" tall, 150 lbs, i bought the 8 in the honey color. they fit perfectly. there is some stretch and they are super soft! which for some reason is totally why i buy clothes. the length is good since they are capris. also, they did not have my size in store, so they had them shipped, for free, to my home. received them within 3 business days.  i would very much recommend them for a casual, fun look. the honey color will look great with navy, grey, and white for summer.
Earlier this year i bought a pair of pilcro hyphen's as a birthday gift for a family member, and she absolutely loved them! after hearing from her how comfortable and amazing the pants are, i had to get some for myself! i usually only wear denim pants, everything else is skirts, dresses or shorts. so this was a big change in style for me.so far i love them, they are way more comfy than i had expected and made from great material! i'm 5' 2'' and 120lbs. they 27s fit perfectly. i do not have slim
Bought the pink color in the store and just loved the way that they fit me. i ended up ordering the light blue. perfect for a cool summer evening. can be worn with sandals, wedges, or converse sneakers!
This is my third pair of these pants. they are my everyday staple, good for work or play
These pants are so great! they fit as expected and are a nice skinny crop but nothing too tight. the fabric is very soft making these pants incredibly comfortable. this was my first pair of the stet crops but will probably buy another pair in the future.
This coat is a beauty. the embroidery is much prettier irl and the wool is not itchy at all. best of all is the tailoring, as i am very petite and i am so tired of all the shapeless, sack-like coats/jackets. it fits tts and has pockets. it is perfect, just wish retailer has more offerings like this.
Thank you, retailer, for creating this sweetly vintage and feminine sweatercoat. the boiled wool is lovely and the embroidery makes me lightheaded just looking at it. this is definitely a nod to retailer's past, and i love it to bits!  i usually wear a size s or xs, but bought this in the xs. the fit is flattering as can be. i was so happy to find a fitted and timeless piece in the sea of boxy and trendy sweaters. (it's true that this sweater isn't lined, but to my mind, it would be a crime
This shirt is more beautiful in person. it has a lovely hand feel (soft) and the blue is as shown but a bit more vibrant. i bought it for my 13 year old niece. she loved it! she may have to return for a small, but i do feel the size ran true to size. it depends on how you want to wear it.
This top is so gorgeous! the color, the embroidery, the neckline, are all perfect. this can be worn casually with jeans or dressed up for a special occasion. i wore this to a thanksgiving part, but also to take final exams in (because it is comfy too!). this piece definitely runs small. i ordered a large despite being a medium in almost everything else at retailer and the fit is perfect.
These are the same in sizing as the hyphen chinos, but these are far more versatile. i love the boyfriend look of the hyphens, but the stet chino can be dressed up or down. they are so comfortable and the fit is wonderful. i'm 5'8" 138 lbs, and i took my usual size 28 in these. i have full thighs, and i didn't find these to be too tight in the legs at all, but i only tried on the black/charcoal.
Absolutely adore this jacket. i'm typically a true medium at retailer and the medium fit perfect. the small actually fit really well to and had a little room for sweaters under it but i decided to stick with the medium just so i could bundle up if need be. so perfect and beautiful, the embroidery is gorgeous, i feel so feminine in this coat
I got the honey colored and love the color. they are very comfy and soft. i look forward to wearing them all summer
I am a huge fan of cloth and stone tops as they are very versatile. this particular one didn't disappoint. the combination of plaid and tie dye is so fun and fresh, yet the blue makes this piece an easy one to match with many bottoms.  now for the fit: the cotton is very soft and lightweight. i bought my normal size medium and it fits perfectly.  i look forward to wearing this piece often.
I bought 2 pair of these in the store and ordered another color at the same time! these chinos are great for my figure. i like to think of myself as a "diamond" shape ;) large chest, moderate waist, large hips, and small legs. these pants fit so great!!! i bought my regular size and don't have to take in the legs! the fabric is nice with the additional stretch so we women who aren't 20 or 30-something any longer can still feel great and look good without being dumpy! i'm not a teeny woman either
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 145 lbs, and 38-32-40 and the size 30s fit me perfectly.  2. i love the hyphen chinos, and these fit almost the same, just a bit trimmer. they are not tight, and just skim my body perfectly.  3. i love all the colors. the red is darker than the two hyphen pinks.  4. the pants are comfy enough to be really casual and dressy enough to wear to work.
I absolutely love these capris. after reading the reviews, i thought that they may fit a bit snug through the thigh, but they fit perfectly. i am roughly a size six (depending on the design, i can sometimes squeeze into a 4). i bought the size 27 in these and its perfect. also, i thought that the green would be more of a mint, but its definitely a more of a mossy color. i love that they are so versatile and literally go with everything! will be getting more colors in the future! great buy!
This is classic retailer at it's best.  quality   style   a little something extra makes this piece something that will likely live in my fall / winter wardrobe for decades to come.  first the quality is superb, soft gray wool with a delicate floral embroidery motif on the front. military buttons down the front with a fit and flare waist on a 3/4 length coat.  versatile enough to wear as a sweater or light coat for early fall. fit is generous enough to easily fit a bulky sweater underneath and lay
Cute, comfy, and would highly recommend them to others. i plan on getting one more color because i feel like i will wear them all the time!
Love the fabric on this. so many retailer tops sit unworn in my closet because they are sheer and i have to wear a layer underneath. this will not be one of those. the fabric is beautifully embroidered and thick enough that it doesn't feel too delicate. the back is a super soft jersey....feel wonderful! will go nicely with jeans & flats for me! as a super bonus, i bought it with my birthday discount and now have in in time for a downton abby party. :) i'll be so pretty!
The perfect summer pants. i will be ordering more colors and possibly a smaller size. i think the slim fit would look just as good in a less slouchy size. i bought a size 31 petite in the dark blue (not navy) and they fit perfect and the color is amazing. very high quality, feel very soft and comfy. for reference, i'm curvy, 5'2", 146 lbs, usual size is a 31 (10-12) but i've recently been losing weight so my sizing may be off. the pants do stretch out like most pilcro chinos.
Very cute and great fit. i removed the belt (it's removable) for a different look.
I fell in love with this top when i first saw it on the retailer website and was pleasantly surprised when it was every bit as beautiful in person as it was online (even more so). the bronze colored threads are to die for and the fit is perfect on my 5'4" (129 lb) 34c frame. if your on the fence on this one, get it. it's worth the purchase!
I love these bottoms. great colors. i also love the feel of the bottoms, very soft. high quality.
Beautifully constructed and designed, this lovely sweater coat from rosie neira makes me anticipate fall weather more than i should. the fit is perfect for light layering and has a feminine silhouette. the wool feels like all my other boiled wool pieces--it's soft, slightly itchy, but tolerable. i wear a layer anyway so i hardly notice. just be aware for those that are extra sensitive. i purchased size mp and my stats are 5'3" 135# 38/28/35
I'm not much of a chino girl, but these fit like a favorite pair of jeans and with heels still look really polished. love them!
Soft. fitted without being tight. flattering neckline. nice embroidery.
I'm so pleased with this cropped chino with all its lovely colors. i have bought 3 colors so far and i love the fit and comfort of these. i'm 5"1, 104 pounds and took the 24p since this runs a size large. my favorite is the lovely moss color which really a brighter mint green and i also love the honey color for spring and summer. these fit slightly slim yet still feel relaxed. love them and highly recommend these!
I took a chance and ordered extra one for my daughter-without ever running it by her first. i'd first seen the sweater in the store when another customer was tracking it down. it looked so nice and unique i couldn't forget about it even though i didn't try it on at the time. very happy i got it on sale-and so i got two-luckily we go to our different workplaces in different towns!
Just got these mara hoffman classic bikini bottoms in flight azure print.today and love them: high quality, fully lined and reversible. the pattern placement is perfectly symmetrical and the colors are just like the online photos. . i think the size chart on the mara hoffman site is correct for where the bottoms sit on my body, above the widest part. i have a a-shape with smaller waist and hips, full behind and thighs (currently 33-25-37ish, 38" at the widest which is at my thighs). in these t
This top is one of my retailer faves! it is so comfortable and love the quality and design. i receive many compliments on this top. i usually wear an xs or s in retailer tops and the xs was a little tight in the arms. the dressing room attendant suggested ordering a petite small so i wouldn't lose the shape. so glad i did. it fits perfect! i even ordered when it was on sale!! the gray color is perfect! its not too thick or thin.
Love the blue color, different than many blue tops i own. i thought it was going to be a thicker knit and perhaps more stiff, but it is soft and a lighter knit and it makes the shape once on much more flattering.
I ove the interesting details on this pullover. it is super cozy on and i love the arched hem and extra long cuffs. the crew neck is wide and comfortable but not so wide that you need another shirt underneath. great easy pullover with jeans or leggings.
Perfect fit for my size. it elongate my petite frame.
Great top that can be worn so many ways. i bought the top in gray because it is way more interesting in person. it has just a touch of sparkle in it and lots of texture. i have seen this top on several people and it seems to flatter lots of different body types.
This top caught my eye in store because of the fabric texture and light gray color. i wasn't too sure i'd like the cut on the bottom, but the neckline was so lovely i thought i'd try it out. i went with a small which is my usual (if not extra small) and loved it as soon as i put it on. the shape is very flattering, even with my post baby figure. i definitely think that it's better in person than in the photos online. and the price seems very good for a lovely sweater that's both classic and mode
This is by far one of my favorite dresses i have tried on in a long time. i am a 2-4, the small was tts and so flattering. i think this would be better for someone taller with a lean frame, though its not super tight and the material has a great weight to it, it isn't lined and could definitely show figure flaws. for me it skims my body elegantly and was very comfortable through the bust, waist and hip (34c/26/36). it fits me like the model in the image. the one down side is that it is pullover
I purchased this top (i thought of it as a sweater) to wear for a chilly holiday in mn. it's super flattering and i think it would be on anyone! my 28 year old daughter saw it on me and claimed at a christmas present so i just ordered another. we have very different body types but the neckline made us both look very elegant and it is super comfortable. i haven't seen how it cleans, yet. we both got the lighter colored one...love!
Immediately loved this when i saw it online and even more in person. i'm only 5'1' so i tried the petite sizing first but ended up buying the regular in an xs for the slightly longer length. the regular fit me like the model in length and i probably could have taken the xxs except the sleeves were too narrow in that size. i like that the cuffs are long so if you have to turn it up (like i do) it doesn't look weird. also, i found the fit flattering at the hips, following my hourglass shape withou
I love this top. it looks exactly like the picture except the sleeves are not full length; they are closer to 3/4 length. the color is vibrant and the material is light and comfortable.
I was thinking this would be a straight up terry cloth athleisure top, but the subtle metallic thread woven into the cloud gray fabric elevates the style. really loved the top because of the cut and interesting hemline, but i adore it for the bit of sparkle.
One of the sales women was wearing this today. she looked amazing. then i tried on. i looked really great. the gray pattern is much more distinctive in person. it is comfy - 97% cotton. the unique hem adds punch. able to dress up or down. i'm a true size 6. small fits perfectly. medium was very loose and oversized. well constructed. feels more like a $98 ($78 retail) pullover. highly recommend.
My sister gave me this top for christmas and it's perfect. i find myself grabbing for it constantly. i'm usually an xsp and the xxs fits me perfectly. i wear it with leggings and jeans.
Beautiful choice...beautiful fit for my daughter's slim body
I absolutely love this dress! the fit is great and the elastic waist helps to show off your shape. it's great for the warmer fall weather we have in the south, but i can put tights with it when it gets colder. the dress is thin, but not sheer so there's no need for a liner. i'm 5'8, weigh 144lbs and ordered this dress in a size 10. i think i might have been able to wear an 8, but the 10 fit so well that i kept it.
This top is the best summer top ever. looks great, washes great, packs great. i get compliments whenever i wear it. fit is true to size. goes with everything.
It fits perfectly, slim but not clingy, and it has a beautiful pattern/texture to it. its surprisingly warm for how thin it is and its a great layering piece.
This is a beautiful top! it fits like a glove, very flattering.& got lots of compliments. i am 5'4" and 125 lbs, i bought size medium. love it! worth the money:)
Just bought this in navy and love the easy versatility of it! the other colors in the print (including some black) can be worn as is, with a cardi, denim jacket, leggings/tights and boots, etc. i found the fit to be somewhat loose in my usual size 4, particularly in the chest (i'm 34a), and length was long enough to not need leggings in spring/summer (at 5'7"). the neckline is cut somewhat low, but retains modesty in my opinion because of how narrow of a v it is (don't feel need for cami). very
Beautiful. did not look like much on the hanger, but this is a beauty. give it a try! i am 5'10; normally a size 6 and the small fits perfectly. it should be loose fitting, with a dropped, not so obvious flounce. the colors are subtle and it will go nicely with many lightweight summer pants and shorts!
I love this dress! purchased it in pink and then in the blue color. it's perfect for any occasion and is very comfortable. i feel like it fits true to size and was not to revealing in the front however if i was to wear this to work it would need a cami underneath. it is not lined as well. love this dress! buy it in every color!
This is a great throw on and go dress. it would work great with a sweater and tights or by itself in the hottest of weather. it looks a lot less awkward on than the picture online indicates.
I saw this dress in the new arrivals in red, and it caught my attention, but not enough to order it (the pictures online for other colors didn't look that great). well, i saw the black in the store and decided to try it on as it looked like hte cut would be cute. it fit like a glove and i actually love the pattern. i ordred the peite to compare, and also the red to see in person... we shall see which is the winnrer!
Beautiful lightweight cardigan. the sheerness is really pretty. ordered one for my sister too!
I love this dress. i am wearing it for thanksgiving! i bought the black because the red was sold out, but would definitely buy more colors. true to size. i'm 5'6" 135 and bought the 6. only issue is i have to wear a slip underneath because it's not lined and a tiny bit low cut for me.
I'm glad that i went with the other reviewers and sized down on this one. i bought this in a medium (usually wear a 10/12) and it fit perfectly. the colors and pattern are beautiful and will definitely look great with dark jeans/pants/shorts. the lace detail is just gorgeous! the bottom flows more loosely, but just enough to cover any midsection flaws and pairs nicely with dark skinny jeans.
Well made garment. i love the colors, fabric and flounce at the bottom. the top is a little large on top with large armholes, but at least it will be cool on a hot summer day.
I bought these shorts in my usual size small (4-6) 38" around hips/butt. they are a little loose in the butt and hips but i like them that way, especially given the drapey fabric they're made out of. the print is gorgeous, especially at the waistband. you need a cropped top or you need to tuck in your shirt to show it off. the red is a true bright red but beautiful. the waistband has a functional drawstring. i suspect they will need careful washing and line drying. i would not put these in a dry
I purchased this dress for my 31st birthday and i am so glad that i did! i saw it in my local retailer store and immediately had to try it on! it is very flattering because i am 5'0, usually a size 8 or 10 in dresses and it fit perfect! the material is light, definitely suggest delicate cycle and hang-drying, but it is nice because you can layer this dress with a vest or coat! highly recommend this dress!
I just picked this up today in the store and i have to say i really love it! on the site i thought it was just "meh" but in person the space dye is interesting and the seam detail make the sweater better than i expected. it definitely runs large, i sized down to an xs (usually a s, size 4/6) and it's still slouchy and comfortable without looking sloppy, the dolman sleeve gives you plenty of room in the chest and the neck isn't at all tight. it's soft and just an overall cute sweater!
Flowing top that looks great with skinny slacks... makes a great and comfortable work outfit.
Lovely top, well made and feels wonderful on. attention petites - i highly suggest you go for petite sizing because the standard xs is ginormous and looked nothing like it does on the model pictured.
When i opened the package i knew i was in love. the colors are vibrant-true to the photo. the fabric is delicious, soft and silky, the perfect weight for a warm summer day. these can be dressed up or down. i am 5'9" 140lbs. i bought the medium and they fit with plenty of room.  i would highly reccomend these shorts-just gorgeous! come on summer!
I love this coat! it does run a bit large. i am 5'2, 125 pounds and usually, wear a petite in most retailer clothes. i ordered a small, but wish that i would have ordered the xs. the length of the jacket is fine, but the arms are very long. i think that i might have the arm length hemmed, but it looks ok rolled up too.
This shirt is wonderful! i totally recommend it for everyone.
Grabbed this off the sales rack-not expecting much-but it is a great sweater! like other reviewers mentioned-roomy but still form fitting. i wear it to work with black pants and boots and it looks great. cozy, warm, very cute. i usually wear a small but got an xs in this. a much better sweater than how it appears in the online pics.
Beautiful dress. not lined, but the fabric is sturdy enough. i do prefer a slip under but that is my preference for most things. great for dressing up or down. so comfortable.
Once this caught my eye, i couldn't let it go. i kept revisiting it...thinking it was too expensive, probably itchy, too bulky, a problem if you wanted to eat something. but the color looked yummy so i finally ordered it.... and i'm so pleased i did!  the shape is actually easy to wear - it's not chopped. it drapes nicely over my hips and it isn't itchy. i would not wash the dishes with this sweater on...but you could dress it up with velvet pants for a party or  more casually with jeans.
Love, love, love this dress! i needed a fun but not over the top dress for family pictures and this was perfect. great pop of color and looked amazing with over the knee boots. i see myself wearing this thru the holidays and will likely throw on with a jean jacket. i found it true to size - my normal size 4 fits me well. buy this dress - you won't regret it!
This fits like a dream! the almost three quarter length sleeves are perfection. worth every penny!
I actually like the fit - but i guess it depends on your overall body type. i too ordered a small and medium. i actually could fit the small, but preferred the room in the medium. the movement on these are spectacular and the material is light and cool.
Although seemingly simple, this hooded sweater top is actually versatile. wear with jeans or leggings, even a skirt. wear over a cami, tank or even sleeved top. i do like the delicate nature of this piece and it does appear to be made well enough to be durable. would recommend.
I read some of the other reviews and was surprised about comments that the color was off... i thought they were pretty dead on. i absolutely love this jacket, but do agree that it's more of a sweater-coat than a heavy coat you'd wear in the winter. but, i live in california, so this will be just perfect for our winter. i was afraid it might be too "classic" and uptight looking... but it's so fun! the bell sleeves add some extra flair. the overall coat has some stretch to it as well... making it
I love this dress.i have it in black and am about to buy it in the blue..i'm usually a 4 but i bought a size 2. it is light and flattering with the gathering above the waist....does tend to crease a bit, but it's not too bad. love the way it can be dressed up or down (think boots or vans or sandles). i will dress it up to go out, but also throw it on to pick the kids up from school.
I do not know where to begin....this sweater exceeds my expectation! i ordered this along with the mes demoiselles fringed sweater and i thought that was the game stopper....as beautiful as that one is...this one made my mouth fall open. it is unlike anything i have. it is an oversized substantial chic piece that is all over the runways. not to mention the color that i can not stop staring at and it will go with everything! order your regular size as it is suppose to be big!
I love everything about this dress. cute, comfortable, easy to wear. it does wrinkle a little and it's not lined but otherwise, i love it.
Every once in a while, i randomly pick something from the sales floor that really knocks it out of the park. print is subtle and pretty, crochet neck really lightens up the look of a long top with a lot of coverage. it's cut perfectly--beautifully drapes without being so flowy it's mistaken for maternity. worth full price! word of warning, i saw one top on the rack with a small amount of crochet that was unraveling, so may need to check before buying. i'm usually a size 6-8, purchased size small
I bought this dress in the blue print and love it! the drape is lovely and its not too short. i feel like it can be dressed up or down. i plan to wear it to a wedding at the end of the month. for reference, my measurements are 36-27-38 (chest 36d and height 5'4) and i ordered the small. i'm usually a small-medium but went with a small based on other reviews. i have a short torso as well and i feel this dress fits perfectly, not too small or too large. as other reviewers stated, there is no linin
I can't say enough about this top! absolutely adorable, the pics don't do it justice. it is made of a soft, medium weight jersey material. the lace makes the top more dressey and unique. the drop waiste elongatesy our torso and is loose pleated at the bottom for interest. i am 5'6'', 135 pounds, and long waisted. this fits me perfect (sz small.) the pleated bottom on me begins at low hips (below belly button) so it layes nice and is very flattering. no swing to the top,no bulky extra flare at al
This is a stunning, flattering, well-designed and sized, magnificent, and yet wearable, comfortable summer blouse! i am a busty, 34f, size 8, and this lovely piece makes me look amazing. i most highly recommend to any woman. the 100% cotton body has a very soft feeling and a little bit of "give". i experienced no pulling at the chest or back, which can happen for me. the bottom 2" of the crochet v is backed by the body of the top, so you may not need a cami. the combination of leaf print/crochet
Love this dress and have bought the style in three color/pattern variations. fits comfortably, looks polished yet effortless. appreciate that the sleeves come closer to the elbow, gives it a vintage vibe.
I love the simplicity of this. it's not fussy at all. i fell in love with the green color online. fortunately someone had returned a green to my closest store though it wasn't my size. the color is even better in person.i tried on the blue (also pretty) in a 8 and 10, as i'm all over the place in retailer sizing. i could've taken either but the 10 had too much material on top for me. i ordered the 8. i'm hoping it won't be too short for church.
This ia a great casual top...the design flaws mentioned in previous reviews are what gives it a trendier look...the length is perfect but i needed to size down from a large to medium because the fit was a bit loose on the body and arm...would like to add that while it is good quality it's still somewhat overpriced for a t -shirt material top, lace accent..
I was worried about ordering this top after the first review, but i was very pleasantly surprised. the sweater is a nice weight on the front panel, and a lighter weight knit on the back panel, which gives it a "flowy" quality. it looks slender and trim in front, with the unexpected surprise in back. the transition between the front and back panels is well done, which doesn't really show in the photos. i purchased the yellow sweater and had many compliments on it's uniqueness the first time i wor
I love this skirt! it is unique and flattering clothes like this skirt, that brought me to retailer in the first place. as the first reviewer said, this is a well-made striking skirt. it is tts (i usually wear a size 2 - and the size 2 fit perfectly; i am 36-17-36, and 122 lbs, 5'4".) the skirt is lined and is very comfortable to wear.
Tried this after missing out on the very similar terra max dress where petite sizes sold out. the medium is perfect and the style can be dressed up. wore it on a day out and two strangers complimented me on the 'great dress'!
Was pleasantly surprised at house nice this too was! the colors are beautiful.  the top is  flowy and drapes nicely.  true to size. i'm a 4/6 and ordered a small.
I love this shirt. it is very soft and the lace on the sleeves adds an extra element. i liked this shirt so much, that i ordered a second one.
This dress looked ok in the hanger, but oh my on was so much better. quality is great, i love the fabric and that it has pockets. i'm 5'8 and normally a ddd usually a large too...so i worried about the size - the medium fits great everywhere
This tank is very loose fitting, which i can understand would make some think it runs large. taking into account the fabric and the twisted straps, i personally think it would look ridiculous if it was more fitted. i love the draped styling, which i also think makes sense with the pattern. it's an easy top too...just throw on and go. and the loose fit is perfect for the disgustingly hot and humid summer months here in the midwest.
I ordered this dress in both a petite xs and regular xs and the petite fit the best. for the first time in my life i did not have to shorten a maxi dress and i am 4ft 10"!  the color is a beautiful dark blue( not sure why the color online says charcoal) and the opening at the chest area is a little low, but nothing that double sided tape can not fix.  another bonus, as other reviewers have stated,  is that you can wear a regular bra. lastly it does not wrinkle, so you can bring this on vacation
I loved the design and light weight quality. reference i'm 5'4, 125..i ordered a small, it's a tad big but i can handle it. because of the neck line, you must wear a strapless bra.
This top does run quite large. i am normally an xs or s in tops (i'm 5'7", 130lbs, 34a), and i was debating between the xs and xsp. the xxs was out of stock, so i wasn't able to try it on for size. the xs is noticeably longer and fits more like it does on the model, but it was also a little too low cut for me on top. the straps are twisted and not adjustable, so i went with the xsp, which is what i'm wearing in the photo. it does come up a little shorter, but it fits me better in the bust. the f
Very nice and the sleeve have a great design and the length is finally long enough
My imagination went wilt with all of the possible combinations for this vest. dressy and casual...with jeans or slacks; long or short pencil; leather too! best gift to date.
This is a great sweater. great color and style. i love that it's a little retro. can be worn with jeans and tights. highly recommend. it does run a little big, but not by a lot.
Love everything about this top! comfortable yet classy, dress it up or down depending on occasion. beautiful design.
This blouse is very unique due to the pretty piped design on the back. looks great with jeans. the front is shorter and more tailored than the back. i love this blouse!
The flower print really caught my eye. i like the unique twisted neckline. there is a lot of material here, but it hangs nicely without billowing out like some other unfortunate tops.
This dress is amazing. based upon its rack appearance i never would have tried this dress on but the fabric was irresistibly soft so i gave it a try. i was amazed to see it fit so well. i'm very curvy (125lbs, 5'4", 32dd ) so normally a dress without structure doesn't work on me but this one somehow does. the elastic waist hits right at the smallest part of my waist (i'm very short waisted if that helps) and flows from there beautifully. i think the v-cut at the chest area help reduce the appear
This shirt is so cute. it's so soft, love the lace element on the arm. definitely thinking of ordering the white. the back for me is a lot longer then the pic shows but i think it looks good.
I have worn this dress twice and it is amazing. the material feels heavy and drapey but i still feel nice and cool in it. i always have several people asking me where i bought it when i wear it. i am 5'1 130 lbs and 34 d. i bought a small petite and it fit perfectly. i love this dress and would highly recommend it to anyone. definitely one of the best things i've ever bought from retailer.
I wasn't sure about this top when i saw it on line but it is actually nicer than the picture. it is very flattering and the color is perfect for the summer!
I got this dress in pxxs in the gray color, i am 5'4", 100lbs, petite frame, and it fits like a dream. true to size. the fabric is super soft and thick, drapes well, not too tight, and u can wear a regular bra!!!. length is also perfect, no shortening required (which is rare for me - this could be an issue for tall girls but i wouldnt know about that). it looks great with dressy flip flops for any summer occasion, can be casual or dressy depending on accessories. great purchase, 100% recommend.
I was looking for long vest to go with skinny jeans. this is exactly what i was looking for. the color is better than the pic to me. the style is flattering.. the size is just right. can't wait to wear it. i strongly recommend it.
Just agreeing with all the good reviews.  love the color, feel, fit and versatility.  you can look sexy or modest depending on your underpinnings and accessories.  drapes over and disguises my figure flaws.  this is a three season dress for me and i look forward to having this in my rotation in the years to come.  i bought regular hem instead of petite.
My husband bought it for me and i was a bit skeptical at first. tried it on and absolutely loved it. besides the really soft fabric, it has pockets which makes it even more comfortable for me! i'm 5'8", 123lbs. and flat chested. he got me a medium, which fits a bit tight, but my husband likes it so it's a keeper!
I bought this recently and it is already a go-to piece in my wardrobe. i love it to dress things up for work. it is extremely comfortable and easy to wear.
I'm not one for writing reviews but i thought i would for this absolutely beautiful skirt. i saw it in-store before it became available on-line and knew i had to have it. i don't like exposed zippers but in this case the gold zipper is a nice detail on the skirt. i'm curvy with a very small waist so the fit was fine. i would definitely recommend this product!
This is the best ever t-shirt i've ever worn. feels so soft! looks gorgeous! very comfortable and yet has that bit of sparkle that makes it perfect for a special evening with friends etc! just love the fit- it makes me look slimmer:)
I was surprised i was the 1st to review this t- i got it on black friday & loved the fit and look immediately! i wear w skinny jeans and boots but also converse or ... many options and a good price!
I purchased this early in summer and have worn it a lot. you can dress it up or down, and since it's comfortable you will want to wear it a lot. i can wear it for everything from walking the dog to going out to dinner.. i bought 2 jumpsuits this summer and this is by far my favorite. the fit is flattering, fitted but not tight and the self-tie belt gives your waist definition so the overall look is hourglass. i am tall and i normally take an xs or s. i went with the s to ensure that it was long
This little number is really cute, i got it on sale, after i looked at it, went home, slept and decided i had to go ack for it:-0 i will wear it with trouser jeans and a blazer for work, or jsut jeans and boots for casual wear.
Such an amazing shirt to dress down for a long day at school
I'm 5'10" and have athletic legs. these jeans are so comfy, long enough, and look good on the booty. the photo is deceiving as they are much longer. i wish they carried more colors. it's hard to find a jean i really like and i really like these.
This skirt is absolutely beautiful and in my opinion, totally worth the price. it's very, very well made and fits perfectly. i usually wear a size 4 but with skirts that are supposed to sit right at my waist, i size down to 2 so they fit properly. i did that with this one and i have to wiggle a bit to get it past my hips but once on it fits like a glove. i'm 5'11" and the skirt comes to mid-calf on me which is exactly what i was looking for. love love love this skirt, i totally recommend it.
The first reviewer was right about this dress--checked her review before buying it. it's a beautiful creation and perfectly designed, and it's also slimming. i was worried that the fit might be too tight in the skirt, but it is fine. highly recommended.
I bought the blazer in the grey motif color. it is definitely a taupe color versus grey but it does look as pictured.i bought a small after trying it on in store. i think it runs a bit small as i mostly wear xs at retailer. the arms are very fitted in my opinion, so if you have bigger arms, it might feel too snug. you don't really see this detail in the picture but the lapel folds differently on each side, meaning one folds back higher than the other, so it isn't a symmetrical look. i actually lik
It's really a casual tee, but with the cute pattern that gives a pop of color, it can have a little more dressed to go out look. i thought it might be a bit wide by the picture, but has a nice flattering flow. a bit expensive at full price but an amazing score on sale.
Fits great, not too tight/baggy. pattern on shirt is pretty and should work for layering or wearing on its own.
This jumpsuit is so pretty and fits perfectly. i am 5'2", 102 lbs. and 32c and got the xsp and the proportions are perfect. i wondered if the pattern would be too overwhelming or busy on a petite frame but it's not at all and fits like a glove. i removed the little loops that hold the belt because they stuck out too far. easy to throw on when i'm out and about with my kids or dress it up with heels or a wedge for night! love!
I wish we had cooler weather in california so i could wear this more often. i bought this sweater/coat on sale plus an extra 20% off so i got a great deal on it. i love this sweater! it looks matronly in the picture but it looks very chic and sophisticated in person. the sleeves hit above the wrist as shown on the model. it does have pockets. it's the right weight for chilly weather.
This top is beautiful! it drapes just like the picture with gorgeous details in the back. this is what i expect from retailer! i am 5'4", 120# and 34b and took my size small so i would say tts. i tried it on with a strapless nude colored bra and it was not visible. give it a try you won't regret it!
I always go w/ black, but deviated this time & so glad i did! quality fabric, not sheer at all. a great layering piece and new staple for the wardrobe. fits tts, sm (i'm 5'2", 109lbs)
Great fit and very cute design. goes great with jeans.
I didn't even notice this tee online, but in person in the store, i instantly loved it. then trying it on, loved it even more. it is flattering without being too tight. i got an xs, which is my usual size. i'm not a huge fan of the 3/4 sleeve length in winter, so i almost wish it had been either long or short sleeve, but no biggie, i still love!
Love this dark gray heathered blazer ( no stripes, contrary to its name)! very easy to wear with the bit of spandex, and not hot or heavy like my tailored wool blazers. i am usually a petite medium but decided to order petite large to better accomodate layers or sweaters, sleeve length perfect even with sweater on. will get lots of wear with this dress-up or dress-down piece!
I don't normally spend so much on t shirts but this one is worth it. really well made and quite unique. i reckon i'll get a lot of use out of it,
I probably wouldn't have even tried this on in the store, but i took a chance when it was on sale. i put it on and it was immediate love. the fit is perfect. i am between a medium and a large and got it in a large. it is not boxy, but not too tight either. it feels well made.
So glad i bought this!! its beautiful and being on sale made it even better. good quality and versatile, highly recommend.
Love this top. purchased in a size medium, my typical retailer size and is very comfortable and lovely. wearing it under the pink peplum cardigan it was shown together with as well as wear it with jeans and other pants. i wish it came in different colors and other images as this a very well made top. purchased during the after christmas tag sale and love it even more. will be great in spring and summer, cooler days in summer.
I tried on the grey motif yesterday, and it was the one thing i tried on that i loved, and the only thing i bought. i'm 5'4 34 dd 125 lbs, and the xs was a perfect fit for me. i sometimes find that retailer stuff is tight in the arms, so i generally wear a small, but i tried on the small, and the arms were a bit baggy. i plan on wearing tanks underneath, so the xs was the right call. if you want to wear something thicker & long sleeved underneath, go with your usual size.
This is the perfect throw on little blazer-like jacket that feels like a sweatshirt! i loved it so much (on sale) that i bought another one in a different color. i am 5'0'' and 115lbs and the xs fits like a glove. it is so great. well made. so comfortable. versatile. dress it up for work or down with a pair of jeans.
This. jumpsuit. is. amazing.  i ordered the small, and it fits perfectly - loose and flowy, with room for boobs (i'm a 32d) and hips. perfect for humid summers when you'd rather your clothing hang a bit away from your body. the fabric is deceptively light for how it hangs (in a very flattering way) when i have it on.   i would say that if you're shorter than 5'4", the petite is the way to go. however, i am 5'4" and the length hit me almost exactly where it is on the model. i lifted the leg a
I'm 5'8" about 134, somewhat of a pear, and these jeans in size 28 fit like they were made for me. plus, the fabric is really soft and comfortable and i love the color. ankle opening is more straight than skinny, which is a change from my usual skinny jeans, but i like it.
This skirt is so beautiful!! it's a bit small, but only a tad. i can still wear it, and it encourages me to lose 5lbs haha! i get compliments everywhere i go.
Great jeans in a lovely shade of grey. they are longer than shown in the picture, however, which i love. i haven't worn mine yet, and i wonder how stretched out they'll get, but overall the fit is quite flattering.
I purchased this blazer in both striped versions for work. it's basically a blazer/sweatshirt hybrid!  while it does run true to size, i can wear a small or medium in retailer; i purchased medium in this. don't size down if your size is ambiguous!
I purchased this on a whim and i'm so glad i did. this is a gorgeous piece. fabric is soft very feminine and stylish. quality is outstanding. it can be worn with a dress or jeans. lovely shades of pink and soft gray. i live in florida, so it's a bit heavy for hotter weather, but will be great on a cool spring day. love it!
I love this top soooooo much! i love straps and i love tops that will show some of my sports bra in the back, since i tend to buy some that have some strappiness. i love that this top has it all-it is lightweight, and it has some character so it is more attractive than an everyday kind of workout top. it is comfortable, even for classes like body pump where you are constantly moving your arms. i love that the colors are not bold, i am sick of neon!!!!
This is an absolutely gorgeous dress. i have the arcata patchwork dress which fits beautifully without looking too full, but this one is just too voluminous. also, the bottom of the front yoke hits at a weird spot on my bust. this would be a great maternity dress or it would be perfect for a thin woman who can carry off the large amount of fabric. so disappointed, the fabric is beautiful and the colors are too. this can be worn year round, with sandals or boots.
As soon as i opened the package, i knew that this is going to be my all time retailer favorite. many reviewers mentioned how puffy the sleeves are but i see it as quite proportioned with the rest of the dress. tts i am 5'5" and 128lb, ps fits perfect. i am an addict of retailer dress <3
I popped into retailer the other day just to look around, and saw this dress - the fabric stood out first, then i saw the cut and style, and fell in love! they only had xs and s, and i'm usually a m because of my chest (34d) but it looked so voluminous, i thought i'd try it on. the s fit perfectly! the bodice fit a bit more closely, and the rest of the dress flowed beautifully beneath it. the sleeves are quite large, but it's kind of a fun look and feel. it's got a very "peasant princess" feel to
It's the perfect sweatshirt! super comfortable, but also cute! i am 5'4'' and 125 pounds, and the size 0 fits perfectly.
A beautiful, comfortable dress with it's own unique style. a must to add to your wardrobe
Kind of silky, but to a point where they almost look like pj pants. i am not sure if i will keep, but overall nice feel. i tried on a xxs p as it was a return, xs sold out, so went with it, stretchy enough to fit me... (115 lbs)
This is a great staple for laid back weekend wardrobe. the inside of the pullover is soft, like sweatshirt material, and its comfortable enough to sleep in. also cute enough to wear out with jeans. i would definitely recommend this sweatshirt. i'm typically a size 0 in retailer - i ordered this shirt in a size 1 and i love the fit.
Lush eye catching print. saw it, tried it on and had to have it, full price or not. very comfortable. bought one size down and it fit perfectly.
I love this dress! it's so comfy and flowy. i wore to an event and got many compliments on the color and design of the dress. i'm 5'5" and weigh 150.
I love this dress! i ordered a petite size and just love how it fits. i would highly recommend this dress, too cute!
This is a gorgeous dress... great print, comfortable fabric (very wrinkly, though). runs very small. i'm usually a 00 or even sized out at retailer and will need to size up to a 2.
This dress is slightly tight on me and i usually wear petite 00 or xxs (5'1 100 lbs) the quality of the fabric is thick and texture, colors are just like the photo, and it has a nice satin like underlining in a dark navy. the snug fit of the dress makes it so i don't need a bra, which is nice especially for a day dress !
I'm so glad the other reviews were so good. i couldn't agree more. this top is very well made, lined. i'm 5'5", 32 dd and got the 6. i'll have to take up the shoulders a bit since the v falls a little low on me. what can i say, i'm modest. :) i wish they made more colors. this top is awesome.
Quality is great, fit is great, and the message keeps me in a good mood and motivated throughout the day :)  i got it in a size 2 (i am usually a s-m in retailer tops) and it fits great (for reference 5'4" 140lbs, 37-29-39).  i usually don't wear grey but the bright colored font led me to make an exception.  very happy with the purchase!
Very comfy versatile skirt. the fabric is soft and stretchy that feels really nice on. i live in hawai'i so i like having skirts to wear that work well with the climate but not typical of the fashion out here. the pleating is very flattering and the skirt layer underneath makes it wearable to work.
This dress is so much better in person! i got the petite size (i am 5'2") and it seems to run a bit smaller than the regular size- i have a fairly large bust so i went up a size and it seems to fit perfectly. love the colors and vintage design! i can't wait to wear it for a wedding i will be attending!
I was tempted to get this online but just wasn't sure i wanted to buy even with the sale because i only wear dresses to the knee and didn't know how this would look with leggings or jeans. i tried it on in the store the next day and it was so cute! there are long skinny black tassels in the front that you can't really see in the online pics that i love. it looks great with my skinny jeans with tears or black leggings and boots. i even have some cute leggings just past the knee that this looks aw
I received this as a gift and have seldom been so pleased with anything. as another reviewer noted, some retailer clothing looks darling and then falls apart. not something acceptable at this price point.  unlike her, this was not one of those times. i've worn this daily, for weeks and feel like the buttons, trim and weave could not be any better. not only that but it looks terrific with everything. the sweater has a flattering line that tapers at the waist even unbuttoned. it is soft, warm and cl
This is a great skirt to add to your closet. i love it. it is comfortable, soft, and has detail to it. i enjoy wearing it for work or a night out.
Dress just arrived and i was a bit nervous of the fit based on the other six reviewers stating it runs small. i actually found it to run exactly true to size. i'm 5'6" 38-26-38 slender, and on average i wear a size 6, which is what i ordered - 6 regular and it fits as though it was custom made for me. this dress is made very well - looks tailored and hits me right above the knee similar to the model. i feel i scored big by purchasing it at the sale price.
The picture of this dress does not do the colors justice. they are a very rich green and pink, which were a popular color combination in the 70's. (i was there!) it adds an authentic touch to this great peasant dress. the black and white embroidery on the bib gives it a modern flair. i am 5'6", 130 pounds, and usually wear a size six in a dress. the small fit perfect. while the dress is billowy, the square on the back pulls it in, so it doesn't fit like a tent. perfect for boots now, sandals lat
The mara hoffman cross-front one-piece is worth every. single. penny. the colors are vibrant--a perfect compliment for my fair complexion. the cut of the suit is immensely flattering, particularly the definition created at the natural waist. the quality of the suit is impeccable, and i have never felt so confident in such a little number! and guys, it's reversible (inside is a gorgeous royal blue).
Beautiful dress! the pics online do not do any justice! i got compliments all day!
The second this dress arrived in my store i knew it was a must have. i am all things bohemian and this dress encompasses everything wonderful about a free fitting, feminine bohemian dress! first off the sleeves are not fitted. they have quite a bit of fabric to them (big armed ladies rejoice!), but have an elastic cuff so you can wear them high or low. the only fitted part to this dress is the lace panel (which still fits true to size), and the slip underneath (which appears to have a bit of str
I just got this dress and i love it! it is classic and beautiful. the zipper is tricky right at the band but otherwise no issue there. i cannot wait to wear it.
Just received my dress today and i am pleased with the quality of the dress. i am small on top , small waist with hips and a heavy bottom . i normally. wear a size 8 dress , so i ordered this dress in a size 8 and it was a perfect fit . the material is soft and so comfortable . the zipper was not a issue as mentioned in the other comments . i can't wait to wear this ! my new favorite dress .
Usually red tops which are a true red are hard to find. this is more red in person that in the photo. great feel to material and the drape is wonderful. sometimes peplum tops can make me look bigger than i am (5'6 and 138 lbs) but this one has a nice slimming effect and the v-neck is complimentary to a smaller bust 36b. love it !!!!!!!
I saw this online, and liked it but then tried it on in a store a few weeks later, and the pictures truly do not do this gem of a dress justice. the fit is flowy but tts as the cotton lining underneath fits closer to the body. it's an incredibly comfortable and easy piece to wear. the first day i wore this i received so many compliments! the colors are vibrant and it's really just a unique piece with beautiful detailing from the embroidery on the top of the dress to the beads on the ties on the
I normally wear 0 in retailer dresses. the bottom is roomy but top from band up runs small. i bought a 2 and love it. i plan to wear it to a wedding.
Great as a beach coverup. i paired it with a slip underneath and a belt and it looks amazing! can't wait to wear it on the beaches of the bahamas soon!
This was all wrong on me. the puffy sleeves made me look a foot wider. i'm thinking this will look good on tall slim ladies. it is extremely comfortable and the material is very pretty though. tts
Good quality shirt. cute design and not sheer. not quite as loose and stretchy as most of retailer's shirt, but good fit.
I love this dress!!! this is perfect for ladies with curves. it does run a little large and i felt i could have worn both the small and the medium. i bought medium because it accentuated my curves without being too revealing. i bought the dark green which is a beautiful color and not see through at all...although i can guess the white might show a little but the white was not available in my store. this will be so perfect for the cold weather.
I loved this purchase. the dress is beautiful. it?s classy, very feminine and rich-looking. the colors and fabric are exactly as shown on a picture. it is tailored and non-stretch, so size has to be right. i am between 6 and 8 and my size m dress fits well. had to spend time shopping for a belt as the dress definitely needs one. gorgeous dress!
I love this top!! in fact if it came in more colors, i'd buy a few more. it's just so soft and comfortable, wear it now in cooler weather with layers or later in spring and even cooler summer nights. the neckline is perfect, love the subtle details. it fits perfect in my usual size medium and is a good length to wear either with jeans or long enough for leggings with a cami peaking out beneath. yes, i love it, just wish there were more colors.
This is a gorgeous dress that while it runs quite small ( i normally take a s or xs ). i had to exchange it for a medium. i am 5 4" and it falls below the knee which is how i like my dresses. it is a gorgeous pattern of color which could be worn for 3 seasons. i look forward to wearing it for many special occasions.
These jeans are amazing! i just got them from retailer the other day and i have worn them almost every day since! i have washed them once. the tag says to turn inside out, wash in cold, and hang dry. i was a little skeptical that they'd still be soft without the dryer/dryer sheets, but they are wonderful and do not stretch out. i will get lots of use out of them and i just wish they made them in more colors. they're very comfortable: i totally love the high rise. they're a little long but i
These are my new favorite jeans. the gray wash is nice, and the distressing is subtle enough that i can wear these to work. the rise is high enough that i don't need to worry about bending over but not so high that they get near my belly button. and the description is true: they don't stretch! i'm a loyal ag stevie shopper, and the fit on these is similar... just a little skinnier in the ankles, maybe. true to size. a little long, so i'll probably hem them a couple of inches.
These are the second pair of paige jeans i have purchased, and i have not been disappointed! jeans are great for casual dress or a night out on the town. fit stays true even after first wash. wish i had a pair of these in every color.
Wore this dress last weekend in nyc. wore it from lunch until late night drinks after dinner. walked for hours in the dress. comfortable but dressy.
The shirt brings back the '60s look of appliqud patches on shirts. it is a quality piece with a bit of humor. the length is shorter than usual for chambray shirts but also very comfortable . it could be left open as a light jacket over tees and tanks. fabric feels good on skin.
I purchased this beauty in the sophisticated dark green on black friday and it has been in constant rotation. it looks chic and classy, feels comfortable and warm. i only wish it was about 2 inches longer, i'm 5'5 and it hits at low thigh, i prefer just above the knee for a winter dress. very practical for walking around city all day and then being ready for a dinner or drinks in style. love it.
Dress is comfortable, feels great and the fit exceeds flattery. the length hits just above my knees and the small side triangle cutouts add a unique cute, fun but still classic detail that i didn't notice in the picture online. i love this dress and get so many compliments.
Love the easy fit of this dress. great for work or family events. love the ribbed sleeves and pockets are a plus!
I bought this as a swimsuit cover and it was exactly like the picture. so soft, very good quality, fit perfectly. definitely worth it for this price!!!
I ordered this top in my normal size medium, and it was very large. i am 160 lbs, 36b, size 8 top and 12 bottom. it was so pretty, that i took a chance and reordered it in a small. the small on me fits just like the model in the picture. it's pretty lightweight, but is not see through. it is a very wide v-neck, but i am small on top, so it does not bother me. it's such a comfy yet sexy top!
I love this sweater. the pale pink color is gorgeous. i ordered a large because i have broad shoulders, and it fits perfectly. it's a great sweater for any season. love the slits on the sides and the longer back. i would order more if it came in white or black. love it!
Wow. this is the perfect sweater. beautiful, soft color. lightweight enough to wear now and into the coming seasons. it drapes beautifully. the knit is tight, no see through or snags. very soft and comfy. the casual, easy, pulled together look is hard to do and this one does it with style. am starting to love this designer. highly recommend.
This top is perfect. i absolutely love this sweater. it is super cute to wear with shirts for the summer and it will look just as cute with jeans for the fall/winter. the color is very subtle and not too pink. it is super soft and i would 100% recommend this to someone!
Just bought these today and they are super soft and beautiful. also, 100% cotton (yay! i hate poly)! thought i should mention though that they do shrink in the dryer. so unless you're skinny, you might want to buy a size up or hang them to dry and then put in the dryer on low to fluff.
I added this to my cart on a whim, and what a nice surprise! the color is gorgeous--this dark plum color is a great alternative to grey, black, or brown. i'm planning to wear it first with a cream sweater, a mustard colored scarf, and a brown leather jacket. i am a pear-shape, and this skirt works very well to structure (and minimize!) my bottom half. it also isn't as short as i thought it might be--although i, like the previous reviewer, plan to wear this with tights and boots. the only negativ
This top is so cute. i don't usually like crochet tops, but when i saw this i just had to order it, so glad i did! my only complaint is that one of the button hooks broke, but that can be fixed.
Love this top - it is a beautiful shade of blue and the buttons at the bottom add a nice touch. it is light weight and not too long or wide. i have other t.la tops in small, but the xsm worked better for me with this top.
Purchased this top at my local store and it is very flattering! not to boxy, hits at the hip and drapes nice. great for work or with jeans. i purchase the navy faux fur scarf to wear around the neck and wow!
Very nice casual corduroy skirt for the fall. it sits nicely at the waist and the asymmetrical cut gives it some visual interest. it has a slightly a-line shape and the side seams round up a couple of inches. i took a point off for it not being lined, and the closure relies on the zipper alone instead of having a hook along with the zipper. i took my usual small and like how it fits. my only concern is that it is a little on the short side for me but since it's a fall skirt and will always be wo
Every spring/summer i look forward to t.la's tanks & tees and stock up on them. sometimes it is difficult to determine the color online, but this top (i bought it in green) is without a doubt the same color in person as it is online. the color is a gorgeous sea green and the softest cotton tee (just keeps getting softer wash after wash) and the silver buttons on the side (what a unique twist to an everyday tee). now all i need is the blue one.
I absolutely love these shorts! they are the perfect length, too. i have been looking for shorts this length and rise height for years. it's hard to find shorts that aren't super short yet aren't bermuda and are still flattering. i especially recommend these for those that miss wearing shorts because of insecurities with their thighs/mid-section.  rolls are not sewn on both ends, so you'll have to re-roll each wash.  wish you carried these basics at all times.
The color of this top is amazing--much more vibrant than in the photo and the fit is perfect. it is very flirty and pretty and the detailing around the top is gorgeous. it's pricey but i splurged and am glad i did. it looks adorable with a corduroy skirt and boots for the fall.
T.la got it right this time. love the fabric. the color is perfect for summer and the color is a great shade of green. exactly as pictured. the left side has a slight cut with silver buttons. exactly as it looks on line. i certainly recommend this top. love it.
My new favorite socks! has a grip and doesn't slip off like some of my other liner socks have because this one covers more of your feet. perfect for my low boots.
Love the color and length of these shorts! i have been searching for a pair of dark denim shorts that were not cut-offs and these pilcro shorts are winning! fit great like all pilcro denim and i'm sure i will be getting a lot of wear (i.e. every day) out of these shorts.
This is a nice looking skirt. the corduroy has a little sheen to it. looks cute with a sweater, tights and boots. length is slightly longer on me than the model in the photo. there are small slits at the side seams and the hem is curved at the slits.
Cute denim shorts that roll up or down. perfect with everything.
I love the cut and "swing" of this tee. the royal blue is very saturated and pretty.
I love everything about this jacket so much that i had to buy three colors (grey/rust/teal). not only is it figure flattering, it's warm, water repellent, easily layered and well made. the little pop of color contrast added to the stripe seam makes it unique. i would say sizing is tts to a bit large. the only thing that would improve the coat is better finishing of the hems.
This brand always makes the softest tees, and so i buy several each season. when i saw this one online, i worried that it might be too long for my short waist, but i decided to order it anyway. success! i ordered my usual size m (for knit tops - 10/12 in fitted ones), and the length was perfect due to the buttons on the side. fyi: short waist, broad shoulders/back, 36c - i carry my weight in the middle, since i virtually do not have a waistline. so a longer, boxy tee will emphasize the parts of
I loved this dress as pictured online and when i received it i fell in love with the look as well as the fit. it is such a perfect dress for the day or night. i am so happy i ordered it.
I got this tunic in the bright red, and it is a great, fun color that leans just slightly to the orange side of red. (my computer screen makes it look more orange than it does in person. i'm happier with the actual color.) the fabric is soft, comfortable and hangs beautifully. wrinkles fall out when you hang it up. i also have the tegan tunic in 2 colors and find the fit to be the same. however, the hi-low hem on this dress is a little more exaggerated than on the tegan. the tegan travels very w
I love this dress! the fabric feels amazing & is super flattering. i am 5'4 with broad shoulders & a 36d chest and went with the small petite. i originally purchased the regular extra small which looked great, i just think the sp was slightly neater though the shoulders & length. it hits me above the knee as shown in the photo of the light colored dress with the long vest
I bought this item in green and then ordered it in red. very comfortable fabric and flattering by itself or over leggings. these tunics will be staple in my closet. i normally wear a medium in retailer dresses, but i ordered a small to have it a bit more fitted instead of baggy. good decision!
Lovely foxy sweater. i dressed it down for work but would look fantastic with a pretty skirt too!
Really happy with this tunic. at 5'2 i am able to wear this as a dress or a top (with a belt). it's comfy, light material, and can be dressed up or down.
I am in love with this dress. it's super soft, flattering  and comfy i want to wear it everyday. it was recommended to me by a friend who is taller and slimmer than i am so i was skeptical of the fit. sometimes you see things that are only meant for models to wear. so not true here. i am 5'3" 140 pounds with slightly broad shoulders and i bought an xs. i'm considering getting a second one.
I also have this dress in 3/4 sleeve, tegan tunic. i love this dress. it can be dressed up or down.
I ordered a xxs petite based on previous reviews but it was too short and snug in the shoulders. i then tried on the regular xs and it fit nice.y. loose but it is the style (shoulders fit). i usually need xs petite so kind of true to size to me. i am 5'1.5" and 115 lbs. color is nice, i liked the blue polka dot with flowery tie neck. the tie. neck is a. nice. on trend feature, can. be tired at different heights for different looks, i think i will keep the xs regular....
I ordered the ivory in size xl. it is such a cute, comfortable top. all of the details are well-done. the quality of the material is great too. it's a flowy fit. after washing & air-drying, it does shrink a bit. great tee for summer!
I have had this dress for a few months now and find it is super comfortable for the hot weather and can go dressy or casual with the right accessories. it does run large in xxs; the xxs petite fit a little better by was way too short for me. even better is that you can wash on the super gentle cycle and lay flat to dry. yes it says dry clean only, but its is made of cupro and you should be able to wash that material. i have washed mine several times and it has never shrunk or lost shape. the she
This is such a fun version of a v-neck tshirt. the lines and seams are very flattering, the neckline is perfect. i'm 5'10" a size 10/12 (depending) and i ordered the medium in the navy which fit perfectly. the length was slightly shorter on me than the model. overall a great shirt. highly recommended.
Got this top in white and the rust color. other reviewers mentioned it being much too large, so i went with the xs instead of my usual small. it's slightly oversized, but i love that look, and it's still flattering on me. i also didn't find there to be too much fabric. i am very tall and am happy with the length of this. 34b, 126 lbs, 5'10"
Purchased in the blue polka dot and love it. am 5' 6 1/2", 155lbs, long arms. dress is meant to be full. i don't see the "that is runs large". the shoulders fit, the sleeves are not too long. it is a very cute dress. after receiving the dress, ordered it in the black motif and hope to like it just as much as the blue.
This one is a must-buy. i have 3 of the longer sleeve version (the tegan dress) and one of these. i am about to buy more of the lola/ short sleeved version. these dresses are flattering and comfortable. they can be worn as a tunic with leggings or a dress. they are great for travel. if you roll them, they don't wrinkle. they can be dressed up or down. my sister and i have very different figures and this dress looks great on both of us. i can't recommend a dress more. the lola and the tegan are t
I absolutely love everything about this top! i bought it in the taupe/navy stripes version and got compliments the first time i wore it. i do not find the fabric to be sheer at all, but perfectly lightweight for the heat of summer. the neckline and sleeves seem tailor-fitted for my body. i don't often think much about sleeves but these sleeves are the perfect length/shape to be incredibly flattering. they're in a sweet spot somewhere in between a cap sleeve and regular-length. the neckline is eq
I love the details of this top: the pleats and ruffles are so pretty and the fit is flattering, especially if you have a tummy. the arm holes aren't gaping like so many tops, so you don't even need a cami underneath to hide your bra. it is a bit on the larger side. i often wear a large, but i got a medium and i may have even been able to get away with a small.
This dress is gorgeous. i purchased it recently to wear to my civil wedding ceremony and it is absolutely perfect. it is light, flowy, and comfortable, but the details make it special. the sheer sleeves give it ethereal vibe that i love. the quality seems to be extremely high as well. if you are looking for a white dress that is casual, but still unique and beautiful, please give this one a shot. i cannot wait to wear it on my special day!
Adorable & comfortable. i'm 5'3" and 115 lbs. i ordered an xs. it hits at my knees and is not see through. the color is pinkish in person which i like more than the photo.
I absolutely love this top.....the color, style, fit..everything! i took another reviewers advice and sized down from my normal large to a medium. i have had so many compliments wearing this top. it is very feminine, flows nicely, hangs well. love the color. can't recommend this enough!
I own another dolan dress which is virtually the same as this but has long sleeves. i wear the long-sleeved one whenever i give presentations or readings. the material is absolutely genius for travel. just unpack, shake it out and you're good to go. i love the sleeves on this short-sleeved version. i'm fairly fit but at my age i'm not excited about showing off my arms! the drape is beautiful and i can wear high heels, bootees or flats with it. i bought the red. sometimes you can't tell if the c
Thylo strikes again! this dress was magic the second i put it on - flowy, polka-dot magic! this baby can transform itself as you go from a casual day out to an dressy evening, with plenty of customizable options in between. to dress down, it looks great with a denim jacket, then take the jacket off and you are ready for some dressed up fun. you can pair it with tall boots or short, sandals, pumps, you name it. the ties at the neck look great undone, loosely tied, or done in a bow. leggings or ti
This is a great summer top! love the way it drapes and the quality of the material. bought the ivory and went back for the rust but my size is sold out. my only complaint is that it doesn't come in way more colors!
I love the muted red pleated ruffle tank. i usually wear a large in retailer tops. this top fit a bit loose. there is a bit more space around the armholes. this only concerns me because i can't wear a bra or cami without it showing. just mentioned this in case others may wish to buy one size smaller. i am 68, around 5/5" and weight 144 lbs. love the young, modern tops that i find at retailer. i just ordered the white version of this tank top in a medium to see how it will fit (btw, there is a
What a great light dress for spring and summer evenings. i love the length and the laid back style. this dress is true to size.
This dress fits and hangs so nicely. it is so versatile as well. dress it up or down!
I loved this dress when it came out last spring in gray. this year, i got the red and sand color. it wears so easy and can be dressy or casual- depends on how you want to wear it. i would say each color fits differently, try them on. the dress is worth the price.
I bought this yesterday in store in the red color. normally i wouldn't spend this much money on an everyday dress- but there was no way i could walk out of the store without it! the fabric and fit are amazing. the dress has a chic-ness about it that makes you look completely put together but doesn't make you look like you are trying too hard. perfect balance of comfort and style. i'm seriously thinking i need it in black as well!
Love this. bought the cream in store and the burgundy online. perfect alone or to wear under an retailer sweater.
I saw this in the store in blue and loved it. wore it and received lots of compliments. just bought the second color online as there is free shipping today. great dress for work as the weather is warming up.
Wonderful and comfortable dress, very sweet.
I love that this top is double layered so it prevents any sheerness. the cream colored trim on the white top is really pretty- great combo. has a shabby chic feel. the fit is nice through the shoulders and eases up through the body - not fitted which i like.
I purchased this dress for a baby shower and it was just perfect. i am 5'3" and 110 pounds and ordered the petite xs which fit great. the dress is supposed to be a tad oversized and flowy so this size worked out great for me! it will also be a nice transition piece into spring with a pair of black fringe booties :) overall, i recommend this dress!!
This is the perfect little throw-on dress. flattering, uber-comfortable, nice fabric. i found that it runs slightly large.
So i notice most ladies on retailer love to say how tiny they are. so some of us that are busty and have a hip--this is nice. i actually could've done a medium but the large was the only one and on sale. it's meant to be loose! it's kind to ladies that aren't all size 2 :)
This dress is so pretty in person. the colors are great - the blue and green and just beautiful in person. the fit is tts. i happen to have a blue belt and could style it just as the model has, but really it doesn't need it. it is super flattering even without a belt. i am just a hair shy of 5'5", and i cannot wear flats or it would drag the floor. but adding a 2 1/2" wedge is perfect to keep it off the floor (no hemming needed). i don't usually pay full price, but i am glad i did in this case.
Flowy boho tank. great details. good fabric. wear under a long cardigan or with a pair of denim cut offs and a necklace. oversized fit. i would size down one size.
This is an awesome tank top, comfortable, great fit, casual but with ruffles a bit dressier than an ordinary tank top. i loved it so much i came back and bought it in the cream color. this runs a bit larger and i typically take an extra large but bought this in large and its perfect.
Love this romper. fits perfectly, and looks like the picture. i'm 5 ft 7, 125 lbs, and usually am a size 4 or small. i ordered a small, and it fits beautifully. i've worn this a lot this summer in florida, and am getting a lot of compliments. don't be put of by the long sleeves for summer wear- the romper is loose enough and has a nice flow to it.
Very cute on, fits well. versatile top, i think it will work well with a sweater or blazer for fall.
Cool cut and texture a winner
It's really not in my typical wheelhouse. i took a chance based on reviews. the shorts are long and roomy enough. and i love it with the long-sleeves. i somehow feel less exposed in it than i thought i would. i do agree with the comment that the material feels pretty flimsy for the price point. that's a bummer.
This romper is my new go to outfit for a summer night out. the material is light weight, not flimsy. you could dress up or down. the bottoms are the perfect length. i'm a bit short-waisted, 5'7",125lbs and the small fit.
I just recently received this dress in the mail. i went up a size to a 10, i am usually a 6 or 8. it fit perfectly. the top is very fitted and the bottom flows nicely. i really like this dress and am looking forward to wearing it to work or out.
I bought this dress when i saw it go on sale, and i am glad i did! love how it fits the length everything about it. it is true to size and it looks very flattering, i will be wearing it for my anniversary date with my husband. highly recommend! i am 130 lbs, 34d, and the size 6 fit perfectly!
This dress was just perfect. the fit was just right and it is made well. love the ruffles... could definitely be dressed up or wore casual. great dress all around ... a keeper!!!
After reading the other reviews, i took a chance and ordered the peach one and the blue (red?) one in large. i am usually at the top end of xl's, but i've noticed that holding horses items tend to run a bit bigger. i hit the jackpot with this one. yes, it's a little "boxy". all the better to hide what i want to hide. the length is perfect for me and the gathers at the shoulders give enough room across the chest so that it doesn't pull at the buttons. the peach one came today, and i was a bit sur
Love this piece! i hope to see more cute, fun dresses like this from retailer. the greatest feature is it is super comfortable! it could be worn to a great number of events, dressed up or down for any occasion.
Love, love this dress! the fit is perfect, the cut is feminine and flirty but not too showy and bare. there is the perfect amount of swing and it's a great length, i can't say enough about it. i think it's worth the price, which i have to admit, i was hesitant about. so comfortable and versatile! i see it being worn quite often! keep dresses like this coming! btw, the neck line is flattering on every body type! for reference, i'm 5'3" and weigh 110 lbs and i purchased a size 2, but i think a
Someone recommended to size up if u have large breast and i am glad i did! it fits like a dream! this is the cutest dot dress i have ever tried.
I literally bought this dress 2 days ago and now it is listed as "no longer available" on the retailer site. i am a size 12 with about a 36b-c bust. the thing i love about this dress is that it looks really nice without a bra. i was really surprised at how well constructed it was.
Perfect for dressing up or dressing down with a pair of jeans. this pullover can be worn during all four seasons of michigans weather, which is a bonus for me. it can also be paired with heels, booties or flats making it extremely versatile.
This dress is flattering and seems to be made well. the polka dots add interest. i am usually a 2 and did go up to a 4 in this. .
This fits so perfect! it is light fabric, not clingy. very flattering! i am 5'4 120lbs with athletic build.
This dress fits so perfectly.  just the right amount of skin, not too bare, not too short, not too long.  can't wait to wear it.  great quality.
I wasn't sure how this was going to look on me, but it was so darned cute, i had to give it a try. and i love it! i'm 5'4" around 130lbs and i bought both a small and a medium to try. the medium fit best. the length is perfect. hits just a little bit longer than the model but almost the same. the material is light but nothing see thru about it. it is slimming and looks so cute on! so glad i gave it a try.
This romper checks off all the boxes! it's beautiful and the fit is perfect!
This is m frist pair of flares, and i love them--make my legs look miles long and they're also my most comfortable jeans. i'm 5'4 and around 108 lbs with narrow hips--the 25 fits perfectly. i've worn them with 3 inch heels and the jeans dust the floor (longer than on the model but i like that look; if i wanted to wear them with flats they'd need to be hemmed, but i prefer heels anyway) ii've avoided high-rise jeans out of fear they'd look matronly, but combined with the flare, the high waist is
I was really lucky to pick up these shorts during the tag sale, and they are great! lightweight, roomy in the legs (way more my speed, i prefer shorts that don't cling) and really soft. they also weren't too short. i am usually between two sizes at retailer, depending on the brand, and ended up going with the smaller size. they're not really a size too big, but would've been a little too roomy/baggy in the waist, had i not purchased the smaller.
I purchased this romper over a month ago and love it! i ordered a s and would say that it is true to size. it falls well and i love the blousy look on top. it is expensive at full price, but i purchased it with a promotional discount. luckily, before i washed this (as the tag says handwash only), i read the reviews in which some reviewers had said that they followed the directions and it still shrunk. i let it sit in my hamper until today after i read online about using dryel and rayon. dryel in
This romper is adorable!!! i love the long sleeves!
I just received these pants and they are really cute. they are casual but i think with a cute top/jacket and heels they can be appropriate for a fun night out or casual date. they are really comfortable but they do stretch so size down for sure. i am 5'5" and weigh 130 lbs and wear a 4/6 in antho. pants that aren't chino fabric but wear a 28 in designer jeans. i ordered a 26 and can probably wear a 25 when these stretch out. i will keep the 26 but they will be baggy. i ordered the kakhi and the
Casual dinner out dress love the color, mine is navy.
Amazingly soft jacket! tried this on and three sales girls all said they wanted it! the other reviewer said there wasn't any pockets but yes there are- they are sewn so you have to undo the stitching but they are there!! perfect jacket at a great price. first time i wore it, i received several compliments.
I want to address that with lightweight but not too skimpy for the summertime, and the stress works perfectly. i got the red in a small, and although one reviewer said that she did not like that the top and bottom are two different materials i actually think it's super cute. not sure if i would pay the full price, but the 20% off sale made it worth it.
I love these pilcro cropped chinos. i ordered them in the sand and will be ordering them in the grey. they are very soft and comfortable
This is my favorite weekend jacket! it is so cute, soft and comfortable! the interior is an extra soft cotton that feels like my most favorite soft tee-shirt?? it is true to size. the best features are the versatility of the neck, pockets. and a little longer in the back - great over leggings/yoga pants. i ordered 2 sizes just in case the sizing was off - an xxs and xxs. i am a 2 petite and the xs is roomy enough for a sweater or sweatshirt under it. the xxs looked and felt great too and had a m
I am tall and this sweater is a great length. very flattering, slightly loose across the tummy. i have the red/mauve color and may order the gray too. super soft , medium weight sweater- very versatile. love
Bought this dress in the blue and absolutely love it! it looked big in person, but when i tried it on it fit perfectly. i'm 5 foot 120 lbs and got the petite small. the colors are vibrant and will really stand out. cant wait to wear it!
This is such a great casual fall sweater. it's so comfortable, has a bit of design too it, and it goes with everything! i bought it in the grey and love it! fits a bit big
This is now one of my favorite retailer button downs. it's super soft and super flattering. it's everything you'd want this cute shirt to be!
Ordered this as a gift.  she said it is great!  nice fabric, great fit.
I decided to order this on a whim during the promotion on tops, why? because it looked decent and i like the other tops from the same brand. i am so glad i did, it is even better in person.  color: nice ivory with subtle speckle in it. very neutral in color, but also on the warmer side. the fabric is a little sheer, you could definitely see my bright colored bra, but a nude one will do the trick.  the length was a little longer, and the sleeves were a bit long too (doesn't come in peite0, bu
Very nicely made sweater which fits well. i bought the black with white accent and am very pleased with my purchase. the small fit me perfectly (34d) can't wait to wear it this fall!
Gorgeous dress. ordered the orange in an xs. i'm usually a small in retailer but the reviews accurately assessed this dress to run large. i'm 5'7" about 140lbs and this dress is just above my knee. very flattering and feminine. only issue is that the bottom is a thin material that can be see through in the right light...
I ordered these in teal and once they arrived, i bought another pair in gray. great for casual office wear or weekend errands. a bit of a stretch in the material and a true to size fit.
This sweater is adorable. i got it in the grey pattern. it's got a great, forgiving fit, lots of stretch, with a hi-low waist, in a thick, soft knit and 3-quarter sleeves. the contrasting collar and cuffs add interest. it's great with jeans or dressed up with a pair of slacks. i can't wait for the weather to cool down so i can wear it. i might get it in more colors, too. it's a great basic.
I was so excited for this top! it looks exactly as pictured. material is soft albeit slightly see through but if you wear a nude bra, it's fine. i love the ruffle details and it's very comfortable. i'm 5'7", 140 with an athletic, hourglass shape, 32dd chest. i bought the small and it's perfect. the medium would have been a little looser fitting with more drape but i enjoy the fitted look. don't pass this up. great price point and sure to be a staple.
This is a beautiful and super soft cashmere sweater. i found it to run large, so thankfully i ordered one size down, which was perfect. i'm normally xs, but the xxs was very flattering, still loose and casual, but fitted in the waist and arms. it is longer in length and hit mid to lower hip on my petite frame. the regular was fine, but a petite would probably be great. the sleeves are nice and long and have a pretty lace stitch detail. the cowl is nice, not too overwhelming. this is so soft and
I saw this in the store, it is definitely something i had passed over on line. it is so flattering on! i bought in ivory then immediately ordered the grey online!
This bikini is so gorgeous and fit me like a glove. i'm a true xs, bra size 34a. i ordered the small. this was more than worth full price!
I seriously love this top, and at the sale price it's a steal! i ordered the ivory color and it's just as beautiful in person as in the product photos. i thankfully read the reviews and knew that the sleeves would be slit. i think the slit sleeves add more interest to an otherwise basic blouse. it can be dressed up or down and is great for work (at least in my very casual office). the fit is perfect; i ordered my normal size medium and it's definitely true-to-size.
Fits perfectly! super soft and well-made! love the 3/4 sleeves and back drop. i can expect i will wear a lot in this coming fall/winter season in ca. highly recommend!
I was a little hesitant to order this dress because of the a-symmetric hem. being very petite i thought it would be too bold for my small frame. i loved the colors though-- i ordered the one in red--and the the way the dress twirls and flows so i took a chance--and so glad i did! the dress is beautiful and unusual and so very flattering. the top portion is of a heavier fabric,so no see through at all. the slanted cut of the white and tan portion is very slimming and flows beautifully into the r
This dress in the blue motif has a really flattering fit and look. the dress especially in this color, hides the belly area well and does not make you look wide if you are heavier in the bottom half. it is not too short and goes past my knee. i am 5'3'.'' the material is also really soft and the dress is easy to pull on.
I ordered these online. i usually wear a 4-6 depending on the brand. i ordered the 6 and love the way they fit as i didn't want them tight. they have a lot of stretch and the fabric is nice quality.
Love the asymmetrical zipper, style, fabric and color. so soft, comfy and warm. i got a size small and it fits perfectly and isn't tight or loose. the pockets are sewn shut but easily opened by cutting the thread with scissors. highly recommend this cute and functional jacket!
I fell in love with these cropped pants & first purchased a size 31 but realized that they do run true to size so i exchanged for a 30. i usually wear an 8-10 pant size.  i am so happy with these chinos!
I love this dress . perfect fit and very good quality.
I love this dress. wearing it is the equivalent as wearing your coziest t-shirt. there is stretch up top if your chest needs it, the neckline is modest, the stripes and geometric pattern are flattering and vibrant, but not gaudy in the slightest. the length is perfect with the shortest part at my knee. silhouette is tight at the natural waist and flares out in the most flowy and flattering way. i got the large. i am 5'7" and fluctuate between 170 -185 lbs.
These chinos fit great! they are extremely comfortable and true to size but note that they do loosen up quite a bit with wear. i bought all 3 colors!
I love lightweight coat-jackets, of which this is a great example. they effortlessly pull an outfit together and give real personality to simple staples. the unstructured linen, while indeed lined, gives this coat a casual drape for spring/summer. i see it paired with bright red joggers and a white t, with chambray or white linen pants, even as a chic beach cover-up. i un-tacked the cuffs to give the sleeves a simpler look, but it's decidedly day and casual as opposed to evening or work wear. fu
I love this dress. i got the coral, and it's clean and simple, but with visually interesting lines. the top is a slightly heavier, stretchy fabric (no zippers or closures), while the skirt is made of a lighter fabric that gives it a bit of flirty swing. the hem is also slightly a-symmetrical, which i didn't notice from the online pictures. it's a very comfortable dress that i could see being very versatile - dressed up for work, dressed down for daytime weekend wear, or even for date night. (i a
I had been eyeing the maroon one and i snatched it as soon as it went on sale. when i pulled it out of the package, i could not believe how soft it was. literally, as a cloud. think of the softest, fluffiest baby blanket. also, the cut is extremely flattering. i am 5'7", 135 lb and the medium fit me perfectly, flowing, but not boxy. love it!
I love this dress - design, fabric, colors currently wear it as maternity and it's super cute but it is my size and can't wait to wear it next spring/summer as a regular dress when i can show off a more slender waist. get compliments all the time. dress up w a pair of heels for a date night or dress down w flip flops :) the fabric on the bottom wrinkles easily when gilded so not ideal for travel but that's a minor thing
I love this, despite the split sleeves. the day it arrived i paired it with a black boucle midi skirt (from retailer) jewelry and mid high black slings and we to out to dinner with friends. several people complimented me so it must have looked as i'd hoped. i have worn it one other time with straight legged pants and a cashmere cardigan and felt comfortable and a bit more dressed up than usual slacks, jeans and shirts. it is soft, feminine and comfortable...the ubiquitous "dress it up or dress it
I usually wear a 27 in ag and other designer jeans. i ordered a 29 based on the other reviewers. they fit like the model and look great. i might have been able to go with 28 if these end up stretching out, so i'm hoping they don't. they are nice and thick for white jeans, yet soft and comfy.
Just received these pants today and i absolutely love them! the material is super soft and the fit is true to size! i ordered the tan color. i really like the wide leg and the frayed bottom!! i may order the gray too!
So the other review complained that there are slits on the sleeves of this blouse. yes, that is true. however, i love that about this blouse! i tried this blouse on in the store so the slits were not a surprise to me, but i can understand how they may upset a customer who wasn't expecting them. i think the slits are elegant and are in no way obtrusive or revealing. you could totally still wear this blouse to work or a nice dinner. i love it because its unique enough to be worn alone and simple i
Bought this in navy. needed something comfortable, but able to dress up denim. this was perfect! wore it already and immediately got 2 complements. the only drawback was that the elastic in cuffs was a little too tight and my forearms are not large. bought in medium. i'm 5'8" and 145 lbs. just washed it for first time. noticed that it dried a little wrinkly in front. may have to steam to get wrinkles out, but still worth it.
I love this dress! i bought the blue one and i love the designs. i recently had a baby so my body is still recovering so finding clothes is a bit difficult, but this dress looks awesome and it makes me feel like how i was before i was pregnant! it flows nicely and is super comfortable.
I went to my local retailer store in kansas city,mo at country club plaza and let me tell you when i saw this sweater i mediately fell in love with it. i bought mine in the red color in a size medium and it fit me perfectly. i would definitely recommend getting this sweater because it's so soft and very flattering on my body type. i also love the pattern and definitely worth the money!!
Okay, i am not that tall and don't have legs for miles, but i loving wearing a wide-legged cropped pant with heels for a change from the everyday. these pants are great because they are 99% cotton. the cotton is a nice weight (not too light) and the barely there fringe bottom is a nice detail. i usually wear a 28 in pilcro and that's what i bought! i would describe the color as leaning more toward khaki than green, though it did look little green under the lights in the store.
This dress is so flattering and comfortable. i bought it in xs and it fits perfectly. i'm 5'7" and weigh 135 - i usually wear a small but the small would have been too roomy on top. i got so many compliments on the dress (in blue) that i ordered it in green as well! perfect combination of comfort, style and flattering fit.
I got this dress in green and it looks better in person than it even does in the online picture. the fabric is soft and flattering. i am pear shaped so a lot of things don't look good around my waist, but this worked beautifully. the only thing is that i can't get the slight wrinkles out of the bottom. i washed it and lined dried it and some still show. the care says not to iron. a steamer would probably work well on this. the slight wrinkles are not an issue for me though. well worth it and a g
I love these pants, they are soft versatile and stylish! great choice!
Pilcro has become my go to brand for pants as they always seem to fit with consistent sizing.  i'm an 8-10 and size 30 never fails to fit perfectly.  i've got hips and a booty so it's great to have a brand that works with my curves.  these chinos are super soft and feel like pants i've had for years -- broken in but still look polished.  i bought the green (which is really teal) and feel in love with them. i've since bought the gray and sand/khaki color.  i'm 5'6" and the length hits just below
Soft, lightweight, comfortable. i wore this as soon as i got it and have received many compliments on the style and color. super soft, love the angled zipper and sleeve length is long enough to be comfortable. great cool weather jacket.
Very soft, cozy, and exactly what is needed on tbose in-between days. the collar is a bit dramatic if you are petite, but there is an extra button that makes it more manageable. stylish, cute
I purchased the red color in august after seeing it in the store. it is cozy and stylish-love the coordinating pattern in the cowl neck. i am 5'7" and 135 lbs and the s fit great. noticed that it is now on special promotion and would advise you purchase now! it is completely worth full price but if you can save and buy say a coordinating pilcro pant, all the better, right??
I bought this dress in green and i really like it. the bodice is a substantial knit - light enough for summer but thicker and sturdier than the typical jersey tee - and the skirt is a lightweight woven fabric with good drape. true to size and extremely comfortable. it's a great work dress. the striped colorblocking is not very flattering on my frame (broad shoulders, larger chest) but it's not bad. you'll probably want to try it on in person.
It's hard for me to find dresses that look good on me since i have more of a straight build and tend to carry a little extra weight in my middle. however, this dress was super flattering, giving me some curves and hiding my tummy. i got the one with the red skirt (it's definitely an orange-red) since that looked a little more polished and less casual than the green one i tried on in the store. the full, fluttery skirt is feminine and fun, and the knit top is very soft and comfortable. every sing
I bought this in the reddish color. i was a little skeptical that the fit or style would really work on a petite person but it looks great on. the fabric is very soft but with enough body that the cowl keeps it's shape. i predict that people will get tired of seeing me in this as i'm going to wear it a lot.
These pants are a great fit. perfect for the in-between seasons. casual comfortable but look very nice and polished when worn. a practical steal at retailer's sale prices.
This dress is great for work and play. i bought a l and a xl. both fit well, but the sleeves in the large were quite tight. so i kept the xl although it is a bit loose. this dress looks great on. i wish the material was a little higher quality, but i loved the design and plan to wear it with boots. the top is cotton and i liked the lace up feature at the neckline.
Love these wide-leg chinos. they are super comfy and the fabric is incredibly soft. the size fit true for me. i would buy these again.
Love everything about this dress -- i ordered the 'red' which is more of a 'red orange' / with cream and beige - as pictured, colors are beautiful. the dress has a nice 'drape' / great feel, love it !
I saw this online and said to myself, next time you are in the retailer store look for this dress. i am glad i did! i bought the neutral dress (off white,tan.black) because i knew it would go with everything and most occasions. i am 5'6", 136 pounds, the small fit me perfect! in retailer dresses i am between a small/med. the top of the dress is lined and form fitting which is a plus. the off white coored section does go across the chest so one must wear a neutral colored lined bra even though the to
Hi,  like the other reviewers, i expected the price to be much higher. it is so warm, yet so flattering and cute. this will sell out, so buy now if you want it.
Saw the grey one on the table at my local retailer. first thing i did was touch it to feel if it's soft and it felt like butta. surprisingly, it's a very snuggly and warm sweater despite it not being very thick. i think the grey is conservative enough for the office and it goes with pretty much everything, yet the geometric shapes make it modern and interesting looking. i hate turtleneck (choke!) and big cowl neck (reminds me of the 80's), but this is a compromise of both which is a bonus. since i
Love these! the raw hem is on-trend! length is great (i'm 5'6"). material is the classic pilcro washed chinos. perfect. as with all pilcro pants, they stretch a bit. :)
Purchased this sweater in an xs, grey pattern (for reference, 5'4", small frame) and was worried it would be too overwhelming. this is not the case! the pattern is the perfect scale and the sweater hit just right. it seems to be true to size. i especially love the bracelet length turned back sleeves. it's a little pricey, but i think it will be worth it because it is so different!
I got this dress in a petite xs. i'm 5'4" and 110lbs. it fit just right. i usually wear a regularl xs in most brands, but with retailer, i noticed i always have to go to the petittes. anyway, the dress is super cute. love the diagonal striping and the draping is not too poofy which is great. the material is very lightweight on the bottom - which is good for spring/summer.
This sweater is gorgeous. ordered in the grey motif. was as described and wonderfully soft. i tried it on with just a tank top underneath and did not find the material scratchy at all. i ordered the small size and felt it ran a tad on the large side however not enough to feel like i needed to return for an xs. looking forward to the colder months!
This is my kind of clothing item. i love linen, stripes, pockets and a loose look in an over piece. it has the lining to give a good hang to the coat. linen may not be for all but i do like the look of the fabric. i feel this is true to size giving you the loose look and not a slim fit. the sleeve length is just perfect for this look and finishes the overall style. it does not have any neck closure which may bother some. i have never purchased from this maker so took a chance in quality but am p
I absolutely love this jacket! it is the softest jacket i own. the collar takes this to the next level. i wasn't sure i would like the collar but after trying it on, i love it. i'm so confused as to why the pockets are partially sewn together. it's weird but according to the other reviews, i am hoping to open the pockets up completely. i really should have gotten a medium in this coat. i am usually between a small and medium and this is a little on the smaller side. i bought this one on sale so
Beautiful dress! perfect for work, the museum, a summer picnic...so chic, yet extremely comfortable. i purchased the blue/orange combo and the colors definitely pop. for reference i am 5'2, 115, and i went with the xs petite. especially reoommend for anyone with her hourglass being more full on bottom. super flattering!
I am a solid 14 and the size l fit nicely. it's easy to wear. the diagonal print is quite flattering. my husband liked it. i am 5'9" and it was a bit short, but not too short. i've not washed it yet so can't say how that will go. the fabric is knit but does not look like it will pill.
The shirt is a heavier weight than how it looks on the product page which was a nice surprise. it has a boxy shape and was shorter than expected. i'm 5'7" and the front of the shirt above the hips. the design and color is great. very happy overall.
I absolutely love these shorts. i ordered a medium. i was nervous they would be too small, (my legs aren't the skinniest), but because of the slit on the side, they were fine. i do have a pretty tiny waist, and they were slightly snug but not too much to send them back. i am almost 5'7' and weight 145. i have a solid black one piece suit and they look great with it. i love the material as well, they are extremely comfortable. a little pricey, but i will definitely make use of them. i love the pr
This dress is perfect for me (i'm very bohemian/rocker vs prim, & flowy vs structured). it will be in regular rotation for years. it's slim through the shoulders and arms, and flowing everywhere else. love the pockets. the fabric is light, but i love in so cal, so it's great. i'm wearing it right now with gray skinnies, heeled clogs, and a scarf. i'll also wear it all summer as a dress. so perfect. i'm 5'4, 140lb, 34b, and the 8 fits perfectly.
For the price, you can't beat this dress. i love the thicker stretchy fabric used for it - if you're a fan of some of the popular maeve pencil skirts (like the tearoom pencil skirt), you will love this! for me, it's the perfect piece for work with a black or white cardi or denim jacket over it. it's a perfect length (above the knee on 5"7"...similar to the model), armholes are the right size, and the overall cut of the dress is forgiving and flattering, even post-baby. super happy with the value
This is awesome multi-season dress.
The first thing i noticed upon receiving this dress is how soft it is and the fact that it wasn't wrinkled coming out of the packaging bag- an excellent quality! my next surprise was to find that it is fully lined with a very nice soft knit and felt awesome on. i ordered a size small and it fit perfectly- it was fitted through my waist and hips (37 chest, 28.5 waist, 37 hips) and dropped straight from my hips just like i like. i was afraid it would be too sheath like for my figure but it is perf
It is easily paired with a nice tip for work and feels great to wear all day
I just bought the grey, and now i'm coming back for the black and cream i lovethis staple item!! so soft fits great!
Very unique shirt-- you will get a compliment! the material has a great feel and weight. beautiful color. it runs true to size.
I wore this sweater while gathering ingredients for my thanksgiving feast and 3 different women at whole foods complimented my sweater. it is soft and warm. would love in other colors too...like a mint green.
I bought this to wear to my winter bridal shower. it was a cold day so i turned it into a jumper by pairing it with a silk blouse. it is flattering and comfortable. great for work and other semi-formal events.
This tank is super soft and very well fitted. it fits true to size. the lace is so pretty in front but what makes this unique is the lace on the back of the top. it is a unique design and good quality!
I think this dress is adorable . it fits great. wear it with heels or cowboy boots. you will not be disappointed
I agree with the other reviewer, this skirt is has beautiful print combed cotton with a sheen. it is kind of stiff with a little give, a perfect a line. the waist is a little tight so i sized up, usually wear a 2 and the 4 was perfect for me. wore it to a show last night and was super comfortable and pretty all in one.
I love the style of this dress, comfortable but chic, and it feels great!
This blazer is beautiful. it runs tts. it is lightly lined with an off-white poplin. in the body of the jacket, the off-white lining is an adorable swiss dot. though the lining makes the lace portions of the jacket not completely see through, a darker shirt would still show through. the detail is amazing - from the adorable buttons to the variations in the fabric texture. i am 5'5", and the fit (as far as length) is very similar to what is shown on the model. the sleeves are a little on the long
Heavier fabric than it looks but cute and versatile. flattering as well!
I love this duster! i got my usual size and it fits exactly as pictured. the color of the fabric is a perfect neutral and will look good with anything. the knit is open and fairly see-through, this avoids the bathrobe look that a long length sweater can have. bought at full price and i'm not sorry because i bet it will be gone before long!
This dress is perfection! great, quality fabric. bright vibrant color. the design and texture allow it to be dressed up or dressed down. i sized up a size because my normal wasn't available and it fits perfectly!
These are my favorite tights. i love how they are opaque. i love that they are thick but not so thick as to be only appropriate for winter. they are slimming without feeling too tight.  why don"t you sell these any more??? please bring them back!
I initially worried about these because i am curvy on the bottom and short (5'3), but they balance me out perfectly. they are light and airy and perfect for summer. i have paired them with form fitting tops which work best considering the bottom volume., and my latigo clogs which give me some height. these are my new favorite go-to pants!
I am not sure why this is listed on the website at hd in paris, because i purchased this shirt in carmel, ca and it is actually maeve, which is a brand i buy often and always fits me well. this piece did not disappoint. this is a fun and versatile black top, but has a little edge with its design and i know that i will get a lot of use out of it. i don't find the fabric to be "rough" at all, but it is textured which i just think adds to the interest of this piece. i am a 34d and did not find my c
I've been looking for the right red dress for a while and this one is a winner! flattering fit, comfy quality fabric...makes me feel great even right after having a baby. fits tts and i can't wait to rock this beauty!
These are fab as always with pure good printed leggings. bright, beautiful print, great quality fabric, and flattering. goes with lots of color tops too! took my usual size s (4/27 in bottoms) and found them perfect.
I love these tights! i stock up every year. they are a great quality, not too thick to be hot, but not too thin that they are sheer when you put them on. they also don't squeeze you at the waistline. favorite tights.
Love this dress. it is so comfortable. it fits great and can be dressed up or down. hides the tummy, too.
I bought this tunic today because it paired well with patterned slim pants. at 5'2" the tunic felt like it added height and even though i'm a 34f the top fit well across the bust. i tried on the large first, and it felt very comfortable but a bit big. the medium fit a little more snugly, but was more proportional in the arms, so i purchased it instead. the neckline is not too low and does not require a camisole under and the buttons add a nice weight so that the top drapes towards my chest inst
I saw this today and decided to try it on, it fit perfectly! i have a generous bosom 36e, and a large fit without gaping or the button issues a previous reviewer noted. the fabric is comfortable, no itching. too bad it's 90 degrees, i'm ready to wear this.
The raspberry color is really stunning! i have been looking for colored tights for a while and had difficulty finding really rich colors. i was thrilled when i saw these! i've worn them once so far. very comfortable and seem like they will last.
Love the bright red color. such a comfortable fit, but still feminine and pretty. could be dressed up or down. will definitely be a summer favorite.
Tried this soft yummy jumpsuit on and loved the flow and softness of the fabric ...... will be able to wear into the fall with oversized sweater or wrap. just love
I loved this tunic. dress up or down layer it with a cropped leather jacket and booties. i bit on the long side so if you are short it might make you look stumpy but really cute with leggings or skinny jeans.
These are the perfect tights-fit and feel are top quality and they wash well!
I own a couple of pairs of natori hipsters and recently purchased the yellow to go with the front close natori bra. i tried to wear thong panties but they just didn't work for me. thankfully, natori makes these lovely panties that still make me feel sexy and they are way more comfortable. they also receive rave reviews from my husband. : )
I love this tunic! it has an unusual neckline with decorative stitching and beautiful buttons,.i like the slight sheen of the fabric as well. wearing it makes me feel elegant without sacrificing comfort. i'm going to wear it for work with black leggings and on weekends with jeans; i suspect it will also be great to travel in. the only potential downsides might be the deep side slit and the fact that it has to be dry cleaned.
What?! i can't believe this got so many mixed reviews! i wasn't sure what to expect and now that i've received it, i think it's absolutely perfect. it's flattering, the length is great, it's tts, and the color is beautiful. i have no issues with the skirt whatsoever either.  i'm really pleased with this purchase and i can't wait to wear it.
This wide leg pant gives the perception of a skirt that is feminine, comfortable, and moves beautifully when you walk. can be used all year round!
This coat is beautifully tailored and made in the usa of 100% wool the color is vibrant. it looks great when you need a longer coat for the cold. it's almost an outfit on its own. lastly, the size was perfect. i ordered my normal 8 and it fit like a glove.
I have worn these exclusively for the past couple of years. they fit great (tts), stay put, and wear very well. these are well worth the price.
Cute little sleep mask! the elastic band is wide so it doesn't ever feel like it's digging into your head. does a very good job keeping out light.
Great tights with good color and quality. i got a lot of compliments on my head to toe retailer ensemble!
These jeans are soooo soft. fit is great and the wash is a unique inky grayish color. perfect for fall. love.
Love this! i am 5' 118 and the medium fits like a dress, not a tunic. i opted for the medium because i didn't want the fit to be tight. it is thin so you'll need a slip.
This is the jacket i've been looking for! i love the collar/lapels - they can lay flat or be worn up a bit. the material is really soft so the jacket is comfy and soft. the sleeves are of a ribbed material that makes the jacket even softer and more comfy. i got the black but it's really more of a charcoal black vs. jet black. the color/dye is saturated and dense so there is no sheen to the material ensures that it will be colorfast. when zipped it's form fitting but not tight (tts - i'm 120 lbs,
I really like the skirt! it's very comfortable and i can wear it with  so many colors.
I have had a problem finding jeans that fit properly (that i don't have to pull up every single time i walk up the stairs or stand up) but these are perfect. they are made with a bit of a stretchy material, yet keep their shape well. i am 5'7, 130 pounds, athletic body type and got a size 25. the only thing i am worried about is the dark color bleeding onto a light colored couch/quilt/purse/etc. as this has happened to me before with dark wash jeans.
I love pilcro script jeans. the rise is super comfortable and the fabric stretch is perfectly flattering without being too tight. the wash is great. from the pictures, i didn't realize this pair had the fringed bottom rather than the hem, but they cuff easily if you want to hide it. plus, with boot season approaching, i think it will make boots more comfortable without the bulky hem. i wish they would make this cut with all of their products - would love to see a pair of cords or dress pants!
I loved this skirt. they didn't have my size anymore so i tried on a few others. i really needed a small p. otherwise i totally would have kept it!
Ordered this in my typical size, xs, and it fits perfectly. the weather hasn?t cooled off enough for me to wear it on a daily basis, but after just trying it on i can say that it fits really nice. the sleeves are a knit material which make them very forgiving and the jacket easy to wear. plus, there is enough room for me to wear a tee-shirt or thin blouse underneath. ordered the slate color and it is a very beautiful neutral, brown that should go with almost anything.
This says online only, hwoever the balc one was in my store (and some other colros too). anyway, i actually liked this top, it is more flattering than the model shows, i think i could wear this with pants or legginss in botos. on me, the regualr size is almost a dress (should i be younger), but i do like that (i did debate ordering petite, and decided not to). it is thin enough to not be too hot indoors, and sublte stripes on the black version. noyte: previous reviewer mentioend something about
This price is amazing and goes with everything! fits great! so glad i made this purchase.
Pretty and comfortable fun cardi for those of us who love a nice little cropped number. glad to report that this cobalt beauty fits true to size in an xs all over -- shoulders hit at a nice place, arms, waist, length is great above your waist or just at it. the cotton is ultra comfortable. the zipper has that luxurious feature of a double zip where you can zip from the bottom or the top once closed, creating a nice opening. i love this for a casual but chic holiday look thanks to the velvet ador
Great light-weight blouse for mild fall days. fabric is thin so not too warm, which is great for southern california fall. great color palate.
Cute casual skirt, i love that it is longer in the back than the front so i can comfortably wear it to work.  i had to size up, which i usually do in bottoms that do not have stretch because i'm my athletic frame.
Love these pants. i have several pairs of the pilcro scrip (and formerly super script). these do not have quite as much elastic as some cuts, but they still fit well and look great.
I have the marrakech vest from the summer and really liked the quality and fit of that, so i ordered this one. fit is very similar. this one is made of a lightweight cotton, and has a similar cut. will be a great fall transitional jacket, and looks great with lots of things--maxi skirts, skinny jeans, long tops with the hems peaking out, etc. i found it tts: i got an xs and am 5'4", 120 lbs. i don't plan to wear more than a thin top underneath, but don't think i could fit a sweater under the sle
I bought these in the store yesterday and am thrilled with them.  sizing: they run large. i am glad i bought them in store because i was planning to buy the 28s and the 26s fit instead. for reference, i am 5'4", athletic, postpartum, 135 pounds.   fit: inseam is very long. waist is a flattering v-shape, versus straight across the midline. i find these a little lower rise than i'd ideally choose--they hit around 2 inches below my navel. the back pockets are small and high. i find the butt are
This is a throw it on and you're cute.  so easy and comfy, requires barely any styling to look cute in this.  and it has pockets!
This is a pretty blouse that is also very comfortable. i am always an xl in retailer tops, but i needed to go down to a large on this one. this blouse is cut generously everywhere, but going down one size was perfect for me. the fabric in the back falls from the shoulder blade area, so it has a very nice drape in the back. the sleeve cuffs and placket are some sort of cotton, so the cuff made a nice base to fold the sleeve around and up to the elbow. i wore a nude bra underneath, and i can't see m
Was excited to receive this top in the mail, and wasn't disappointed when i tried it on. beautiful colors (true to image) and pattern -the blue back does extend into the front, but does not look unflattering in the least or leave for an awkward fit, imho. very happy with this top, it looks so cute from the back, too~
This shirt is a simple but versatile top. it goes anywhere with anything so it's a great travel piece. i'm curvy on top but short waisted and this shirt does a good job of disguising that figure flaw. i got loads of compliments from men who liked the femininity that stops short of 'sugary' as one guy put it. it's quite comfortable and doesn't bunch up when one sits down. i wore it with copper jewelry and that really made it 'pop.' a great piece for one's wardrobe.
I've been looking for a more polished edgy alternative to my jean jacket and this is perfect! it's super soft and comfortable. will look awesome over a dress or with jeans. love it!
This top is even better than pictured. the colors are brighter, though still natural. this allows lots of possibilities with pairing bottoms to it. i ordered a large (my usual size) and would say it's pretty loose, but doesn't look ridiculous. it just hangs well and fits the way it should. the fabric is a little thin so you'll need a shade shirt or tank under it if you don't want your bra to show through.
This top is simple but beautiful. i am either a large or xl but purchased this in the xl. it is a swing top, but has a beautiful flow to it which is not overbearing. i am around 5'6" and slightly on the broad side and do not feel overpowered by this shirt at all. i love a top that can be worn everyday with a pair of jeans or dressed up with a pair of slacks. the plus to this top is that it can born worn almost year round which i like. a great staple for your closet.
This skirt is fabulous!!! i ordered it in both grey and green. only flaw was the grey one was 2 inches shorter all the way around (made it too short!!!), so i kept the green. great for summer and maybe fall with flats and a jacket.
This skirt is soft and comfortable, breathes and moves really nicely. great quality and fabric, just be careful in the first wear i snagged a spot with my rings. i ordered my usual medium, but probably could have sized down to a small. i plan to wear this all the time.
This is a great jacket for fall layering. love the color and cut. it wasn't appearing to me in the photo that the sleeves were knit, but it actually works. i wear the sleeves pushed up as i have really long arms and they are a smidge short. now my go too for casual work days and weekend wear.
This jacket is surprisingly soft and comfy. i'd been debating getting a leather jacket in this style but when i saw this it seemed a great option. seems to be very versatile.
I've been searching for a brown top/dress/tunic forever and i finally found the perfect one!! i stumbled across this adorable tunic while browsing the clearance room at my local retailer and you can imagine my excitement when it was my size (small). i tried it on and almost asked to wear it out of the store. it's sooo soft and has a beautiful rib-like pattern/texture to it. you could wear it as a top with pants or a dress with tights/leggings.
These make your rear look ah-maz-ing!!! i mean, seriously good. every time i wear these, my husband cannot keep his hands off. usually, i'm 27/28, in these i took a 29. perfection. i also got them in the black and blue washes. i may not be wearing any of my other jeans at this point. so good. awesome price point too.
I am amazed this is still on sale. it's so comfortable and fabulous!!
Love this denim and particular wash. button fly will last forever. looks so cute rolled a little on the cuff.
Love this dress! really comfortable and flattering. the arm holes are a little big but not too much for me to return the dress or not wear it. love it!
A great little dress that can be dressed up or down.
I can't think of many things more comfortable than cloth & stone's fabric, so when i saw this jumpsuit i had to try it. it is a nice mid-weight perfect for fall weather or a mild winter like we are currently having in the northeast! looks very cute with a duster cardigan over it. fits true to size (meant to fit a little loosely). length is great everywhere on my 5'7" frame. feels like wearing pajamas, with the benefit of looking put-together!
Dress fits perfectly and is extremely comfortable. great for day or evening. love it!,
I got this because it was on sale and it looked like a fun design.  i like it so much more than i expected to!  the material drapes beautifully so the lower parts skims my body while the upper part moves nicely but doesn&amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;t stick out too much.  i love the green color too!  i tie the ties on the back of the dress--at the level of my shoulder blades--rather than on top as in the photo.  i think it looks cuter that way.  so glad i took a chance on it!
Gave this sweater to my mom this christmas and she has hardly taken it off...so cozy and cute!
I have seen this dress for a while and was holding off, but then i decided to try it on (the regualar) size in store to keep in mind for my next binge :-).  the cut is flattering, length is jsut above my knee so i would not get the petite on this one. i would, as others have mentioend, wear it with a belt. overall it fits like a nice comfy t-shirt with comfy skirt, but as a dress, very nice.
This dress is so cute and so comfortable. i will be wearing this to a lot of different kind of events. i am so happy with this purchase.
This is the most comfortable dress ever! it's so soft. i typically wear a size small and this fits true to size. it is long enough to wear to work, which i love. it looks great w flats in the summer and it's going to look great w boots!
Like these pants and they were on sale--does not get better!
I meant to order this online and forgot. i was very happy when i was able to get it in one of the stores yesterday. it's everything a summer dress should be: flowy, lightweight and a great print. i can't believe there's no reviews and that it still available in every size. for reference i got a small i am 5'4"  135. this dress i thought would make me look wide because it's all straight across but in fact it really has a great flow and is cut well. grab it while you can.
Cute and comfy. looks like i will be able to dress up a bit too. fabric and fit are great!
What a great find! this is so easy to dress up or down and a very comfortable fit and fabric. the skirt fabric is pretty form fitting so not something i can comfortably wear to work but it's a versatile piece otherwise. the buttons on the sleeve are a nice touch.
At 5'3" and 155 pounds with a short waist, it's hard to find attractive jeans. hit the jackpot with these. they're comfortable, very slimming with a perfect rise and length. i ordered size 32 so i did go up a size. love the button closure instead of a zipper. these are much better than my citizen boyfriends that cost twice as much. try these, you won't be disappointed!
Don't think the photo does this skirt justice. it's a very flattering fit, the kind of skirt you'll wear all summer!
These are great for lounging around or even wearing to work as they can be dressed up or down.
If any of you have read the book or watched the movie "sisterhood of the traveling pants" then you will understand this analogy. i am convinced that this dress hugs everyone in the right places. it looks kind of boring on a hanger, but has an incredible fit that complimented my waist so much. i instantly felt tinier in every trouble area of my body. although the design of this dress is casual, i feel that it can easily be dressed up for a nice brunch or meeting. i love basic clothing designs tha
Very comfortable dress for fall and early winter. love the material and great to throw on to run errands in over the weekend, or could dress up with flats and sweater for work.
These pants are perfect for any closet! they can be casual weekend or paired with a light top and heels. very comfortable. love the detailing around the pockets.
It's definitely not a $100  blouse, but i took advantage of the sale on sale and gotta say i love it! it's slightly sheer, but with a plain nude bra it's fine. beautiful details, very retro, light and breezy. wearing it to work and with jeans.
This cardigan is defined by comfort. it is of a lovely knitted like material and is very warm. the pockets are great for holding your phone and the billowy sleeves make you feel like you are wrapped in a blanket.
When i saw this online, it looked like a regular cardigan with a hood, but with looser arms and a generally looser fit. just be aware it has bat wings or something (not sure what it is called). there isn't one picture included with an arm lifted, so without a really close look, the arms look loose, but normal. i returned it :(
I love how comfortable this dress is! i ordered an xs and it fit perfectly (i'm 5' 4" and it falls to just above my knee). it holds its shape and is very flattering. pair it with a cute denim jacket and ankle boots for fall, or a light scarf and ballet flats for spring!
Seriously, most comfortable pants ever!!! fabric feels very luxe. are they dressy enough for the office? i don't care, they feel that great.
Really cute everyday dress. love the fabric and material, it's super soft. a great dress to just throw on and go.
I may wear these every day! i am obsessed. i am 5'8 125ibs normally a size 25/26 in jeans. i ordered these in a 26 and they fit like a glove! they do not stretch much at all and keep a really nice vintage fit and feel. i am extremely happy with this purchase. these are a must have staple in anyone's wardrobe.
This "little" dress is extremely cute and very comfortable. i didn't pay enough attention to the picture and totally missed the faux wrap skirt, but that only adds to the appeal, and is well done, not showing too much skin. this dress looks great with a white denim jacket or a red cardi. it will get lots of use and really is a 3 quarters of the year piece.
This dress is so pretty, comfortable and easy to wear. i got so many compliments in it. it is a winner for sure!
Love this top!
Soft, comfortable, flattering - great for spring, summer, fall, and wear a tight black long-sleeved tee underneath for winter! not form-fitting, even if you size down.
Very nice but thin materal. very sheer. i paired with the palmarosa wide legs. loved the way it looked. i do think the sale price is a bit high for this shirt, though.
I tried this on in the store and was sad that the small was a little unflattering around my mid section.  couldn't stop thinking about the dress though, so checked reviews online from home...many said to size up. i ordered a medium and it is perfect! fits so nicely now and the fabric is so cozy!! i thought the top would be too big in a larger size but it still looks good.
I really love cloth & stone, and this top did not disappoint. i am usually a size small in tops but tend to be an xs in halters because the arm holes are usually big on me. i went with my usual xs and it fit perfectly. it has a nice drape to it and is super soft. i will add that when looking at the picture, i didn't notice that there is a muted pink to the plaid design. i originally thought it was just a navy blue and white plaid. however, there is a really light pink to it as well. i actually w
Wonderful dress! very comfortable and great fit! received numerous compliments whenever i wear it.
This dress is so soft and comfortable. great winter staple. i purchased the blue motif, which really doesn't have any blue on it. the stripes are fun and make this the perfect dress to throw on and feel great while staying comfortable.
I love this dress! i generally wear size 10 and the medium fits perfect. i'm a curvy lady and this dress fits great. i've received many compliments on it and might even get another pattern because i love it so much!
I wanted to love this dress..and it did not disappoint! true to size, not too snug but doesn't make you look shapeless. the material is soft and has great movement. looks great with boots and booties. i know i will be wearing this one often!
Casual comfort with style! fabric is a dream to wear and it flows nicely. not exactly form-fitting, but still flattering. i'm 5'9, 140, and wore the medium.
The fabric is super soft and litght. it hardly feels like you are wearing it. body skimming fit can disguise a less than perfect figure. can easily go from day to night. absolutely love.
I didn't think i'd like this due to the high neck, but i was in the store and it was so soft that i tried it on in the black motif. this dress is so comfortable and flattering. it's definitely a versatile piece: dress down with a denim jacket or dress up with heels. and it has pockets!
Tried this dress on at my local retailer and just fell in love with it. it is a sleek, almost '90's style design that is so comfortable and flattering at the same time. and it has pockets! i will be wearing it all summer with flats or sneakers.
I bought the multi-color stripe and it is adorable! i am 5'9", 135 lbs and purchased a size small. it is a perfect length and drapes well...not too tight at all. i received a ton of compliments the first time i wore it. highly recommend!
I took a chance buying online. i'm thrilled this dress clings at the top and releases where it should (below the bust) without looking like a tent. a very classy dress for work or play. just hope it holds up after a wash as the material is thin (but opaque). love this dress.
I always wear dresses because fl is hot. this one is easy breezy and fun. it's trendy without trying too hard. nice lines, the fabric is nice and soft and washes well. the pattern is pretty, i got both colors. i always get compliments when i wear this dress.
The price is amazing for this easy and flattering dress. looks great as is or with a scarf, sweater, jacket, you name it! i just couldn't resist getting carried away with this one..
I love this dress so much. it is more comfortable than any of my pajamas and the best part is it is very work appropriate, especially paired with chambray shirt buttoned and then tied at the waist.
Outstanding dress. looks like a class that i will wear for many events to come. i couldn't decide which color way i liked in this dress----the red/white or the green, so i purchased both. i can see myself wearing the red into early fall and the green is a very springtime/summer dress. yes, the cut runs small but i don't think it is as small as some of the other reviews. i typically wear i size 6, and this one the 8 fit perfectly, so maybe one size up.
Great dress - the hardest part was picking which color. the dress is a slim swing silhouette and very flattering. the fabric skims the body without highlighting my problem areas (lower abdomen and hips). the dress is modest enough for work (it ends a few inches above the knee in the middle, comes to my knee on the sides). i am always a xs or s in maeve - i went with the small on this dress. the sleeves aren't as long as the picture shows - they ended where they should. i went with the navy and w
I fell in love with this as soon as i tried it on. it doesn't look nearly as good on the hanger, so definitely worth trying on. the fabric is high quality and super comfy; the fit is very flattering. i am curvy, 5'7" and got the navy stripe print in size small. it's very forgiving, fitted without clinging to any "problem" areas. i also love how versatile it is--you can wear it as a dress as shown on the models, or as a tunic over tight jeans or jeggings/leggings. love it!
I saw this online and wasnt sure and actually walked right past it in the store. but my usual stylist walked around the store with me and insisted it was a goodone. she usually knows what she is talking about... super soft nd comfortable, love the long sleeves (it has hidden buttons), cut is flattering on everyone. i ended up ordering petite size. turtleneck is not too tight, and the dress can pretty mjuch be dressed up or down. my friend also bought it (huhm twinsies)!! my favorite design was t
Great, stylish, swinging dress. softly draped fabric, so comfy to wear....very slimming and figure flattering.
I love this dress (i bought the navy with white stripes). it is comfortable, flattering, and versatile. best of all, i received a complement from my husband, who never comments on my clothing! the drapey knit fabric fits closely (but not tightly) in the shoulders and bust and then skims over the lower body. the fabric is soft and stretchy, not too thick, but still substantial enough that i did not need to wear support garments underneath (i am 5'4", 123 lbs). i wore this to a christmas party and
Love this dress - "swingy" is definitely the right descriptor. as someone with a large chest i was worried it would be boxy and make me look larger, but the cut is flattering even if it is on the loose size. it runs slightly large so if you're between sizes i would size down.
This dress is completely versatile and great to wear as is or add a vest or chunky sweater for a layer. i bought it late last week and love the fit and comfort of the jersey knit fabric. also, you can't beat the price for an retailer dress!
I love this dress! the design is simple, colors and patterns are eye-catching but not over the top. cutting is perfect for me and very flattering. the material is flowy not clingy. it is a piece of easy, no-hassle garment that i would love to wear everyday and make it my uniform. seriously, it doesn't get better than that. if they make more of this style with different colors and patterns, i will just buy them blindly.  a word of caution: the dress does have slightly bigger armholes so some pe
I originally bought this dress in navy and i absolutely loved it! so i bought a second one in the neutral color. they both fit perfectly and are very flattering! i love how i can dress them up or down. i wear them out to run errands and look cute while being comfy. i also wear them to work! i am an np so business casual is a requirement for office days. when i'm used to wearing scrubs, i hate wearing true dress clothes. these dresses are a happy medium. i only wish my size was available in the t
This dress is super comfy and really cute! i was worried that the horizontal stripes might not be flattering, but they didn't make me look larger at all. it's great for casual wear, but can easily be dressed up with a jacket and booties.
This dress is absolutely flattering and will make you feel beautiful. fabric is thin but can easily be transitioned from fall to winter to spring. hugs all the right places. true to size. i am 5'2 and 120lbs, curvy and the small fit well. i am so happy with this purchase. great price point as well
Just got this dress in the orange print and i can't begin to say how much i love it!! looks even better in person than online and it's super flattering. love the neckline, armholes are perfect and show off toned arms and shoulders ( this is the kind of dress that makes time spent at the gym worthwhile!). the fabric is light and stretchy and the pockets are an extra bonus. i would say fit is tts but keep in mind that it's very loose at the bottom so i would go down in size if you want a less loo
Love this dress! purchased it online, the xl sizes can be difficult to find in the store. dress is very cute on and you don't need to be reed thin like the model. it flatters the figure and yes, i wore spank with it. the length is good, the design (black and neutral) is flattering. i chose this to wear to my husband's christmas office party (his new job)! you know first impressions; i did not want to be over dressed. i wore my antho black boots which lace in back and go over the knee- (slouch a
This dress is super comfortable and flattering.  i went with the stripes (and the p to shorten the length) -- it looks amazing with otk boots.  however, the material isn't very thick; it's more of a fall/spring dress than a winter.  i'm a xs-s p in retailer dresses - i went with the small.  xs would've fit but less flatteringly
The sleeves are fitted which i love. works with a belt or without.
I read the rave reviews, but tried this on with low expectations. i am curvier on top so i thought the dress would make my chest look huge and show my tummy budges. the dress was the exact opposite - so flattering and a piece i could truly dress up or down. i am 5'6", 135lbs and a small fit perfectly. i rarely purchase anything at full price but plan to circle back to my local retailer to pick this up today.
This dress is comfortable, hugs and skims at all the right places, and sports a perfect length for a shortie like me. wish the other patterns weren't sold out.
Love everything about this dress...cut, color, material and price!
This dress has style and a delicate balance between design and the beauty of the material.
The fabric feels and hangs nicely. it's very versatile, you can dress up or down. i purchased the navy stripe one and wear with brown boots. thinking i might need one of the other two as well, perfect for texas winters!!
Super cute, flowy, and flattering. i would buy again in a heartbeat.
I finally pressed 'go' on the orange dress during the weekend sale. the dress is terrific. i am a busty (36dd) size 8/10 and the m fits perfectly. based on the reviews, i had planned to take this to the tailor to take in the armholes, but it is not necessary at all - no bra showing in front or back. i am 5'6" and the shortest part of the hem is about 2" above my knee. there is no lining, so i might add a short pull-on slip depending on where i wear it, but otherwise this is an easy dress to be w
This dress is so beautiful on. purchased in black motif and it can definitely be dressed up or down. material is lightweight (perfect for summer) and the dress washed up beautifully in the washing machine. i always wear an xs in maeve and the dress fits true to size.
I had to order this dress in three different sizes to get it right. i'm 5'6" and 125, but have a petite frame with curves, so i ordered the small petite; the sleeves and length were too short. then i tried the small regular, and i swam in that one; way too much fabric. the i tried the xs and it fit perfectly. it does stretch around the bust line, so wearing a red bra would look tacky as you can see through the lighter fabric, but black or nude is fine, or even a slip or a tank would cure that is
I bought this dress for an all white event. i had many compliments but it was the most fun dancing dress because the top layer spins out! it is loose and flowy but the arm holes are rather large and sizing down might have been better. i am 5'8" and athletic and ordered a m and if i had time might have exchanged for a s. you must steam out creases before wearing.
This is the softest most comfortable dress ever. i bought a large because it was the only one in stock at the store. i'm 5'9, 135 and it's a little loose but still flattering and comfortable due to my height. if you are tall you will not be disappointed w this dress!
Finally a dress that is not too short! i'm 5'11 and ordered two sizes. the small was too short and a little snug for my liking. but the medium was a perfect fit.
I got so many compliments from friends, i bought another one in different print. packs and travels well. i'm 5'6" and a heathy 160 lbs, carry my weight in the middle. this dress is very flattering and fabric feels like pj's. also east to wear with regular undies and racer back bra. living in a warm humid climate, it's my new go to dress. the fabric is so stretchy that i found the medium a better fit instead of my usual large.
This will be a great go to piece with leggings and boots for winter and to transition into spring with wedges. i purchased the blue stripe and the multi stripe with the intention of returning one but i liked them enough to keep both. the quality of material is great and super soft and i love the little snap detail on the sleeves. i am 5' 7", and most always wear a size medium and it fit perfect. the dress hit right above the knee but not too high so i can wear the dresses with or without tights.
I got this in black with white dots. fits great, flattering and helps hide middle section.
Tried and bought this in the store! loved it. my normal size 4 worked great. little word to the wise, be careful zipping it up, which is a little tricky. the first one i grabbed had a broken zipper. just takes a little work getting it up bc the fabric is thicker.
Love this dress! i bought the blue motif. which barely has any blue at all. it is the softest cotton dress i own. i wore it with my red hunter boots today and it made for the best rainy day ensemble. love, love! and i got it on sale which just sweetens the deal :)
If you want it, buy it now. this dress is everything and then some. love it. i bought two, the neutral (black) and the turquoise. the turquoise one is a very retro print, i am getting many compliments. they are so comfortable and flattering. i'm all about this price point retailer. more please!
Absolutely love this dress! so cute with booties and a jean jacket. will be a great staple for spring and fall
As usual this dress does not disappoint. looks great with boots and is the perfect day to date dress.
Gorgeous, color, fabric, and cut. i ordered the blue in a 14. i always wear a 14p or large petite in retailer. i purchased a regular 14. it's a full size too small in the ribcage. cannot zip it up.. i'll be exchanging mine for next size up. even though i'm 4'11", the length is fine. if you're tall, it might be pretty short for you.
Very comfortable and stylish. can wear with tights, as a dress, or over jeans. cute any way! the material is not super thick, but not too thin.
I bought the dress in navy stripe in december and it became a favorite, so i jumped at the opportunity to buy the "blue" (pink/purple/blue/black stripes) when it went on sale. this dress is very flattering and feminine, i love the fitted top, fitted sleeves with a cute button detail, and the asymmetrical hemline. i use the navy for work, whereas the colorful stripey one is fun on the weekends. it washes well and holds shape (i hang it to dry). i like it best with boots, but it would work with fl
I have never purchased this brand before at retailer and there were no reviews on it when i purchased it.  i bought my usual size medium and it fit perfectly!  i am 5'2", 120# with broad shoulders.  loved the fringe on the top and i think it will be very versatile . . .jeans/boots, skirts/heels.   definitely a keeper!  as a petite gal, this was not overly long.  if you have larger hips, this will not hang well.
This dress is super cute and has the most striking color (i got the blue). i just love it. it's comfortable and flattering and hits me in all the right places. i am a petite girl and normally wear a 0 or 2 in retailer dresses, and, as the other reviewers mentioned, this runs small, so a 4 was what i needed, and even the 4 does not leave any wiggle room. that said, i like my dresses to fit sort of snugly so it works for me. i highly recommend it overall - the quality, cut, color, and comfort all ma
Love this dress! i can't say enough about it. comfortable, stylish, packable! doesn't wrinkle at all. i love it. i bought the neutral and the turquoise. only planned on keeping one but i love it so much i'm keeping both. good dress for fall/winter to wear with flats or tights and boots. can easily be dressed up or worn casual. i am 5'1" 115 lbs and bought the xs petite. perfect fit. a great price point especially with the 25% off dresses.
Read other reviews, was worried about neckline being tight-- went with size of last dress i bought from retailer ---s---, perfect!! can't wait to wear this dress! got it in the black white polka dot-- plan to layer with capri legging!
I absolutely love this dress. it's great quality and fits perfectly.
Once again, retailer delivers a beautiful, quality dress. i love it! it is comfortable and flattering. the material is light-weight enough that i will be able to wear into spring.
I have been eyeing these jeans for a while but was hesitant because of the price and also because i'm short waisted so don't normally like high rise pants. i finally pulled the plug when i had a 15% off code (still expensive imo). i am so glad i finally bought them - they are well worth the price! i am 5'6" with longer legs and i agree with the other reviewers that these run a little longer than one might anticipate. they hit about 2 inches above my ankle bone, which suits me just fine. they are
I bought the orange color and the pattern is absolutely beautiful. the fabric and style is very flattering and comfortable. well worth it. runs true to size (i am usually an xsmall 134 lbs 34 c and the xsmall fit perfect). perfect summer dress: soft fabric and light.
Totally agree with the other reviewer!  just got this in the mail today and it is a beautiful dress but it does run one size too small.  i am always a size 8 in maeve but couldn't zip this one up!  and at 5"7' it is a tad short but i'm exchanging it for the 10 in the hope that in the next size it will be a bit longer--and that it will fit!  but it is a super flattering fit!!  and the blue color pops! a stunning dress and love that it's machine washable!
Love this dress in the orange print! i do agree with one reviewer who said the high neck is bothersome--it is! but i'm willing to overlook that because it is the style of this dress. and it is adorable! easy and comfortable to wear--and i just love the orange pattern print! took my usual size!
I love this dress. the quality of the material is very nice - good weight and softness. the dress hides my baby belly and feels really comfortable on. i got tons of compliments when i wore it!
I am 5'1", 32-26-36 and 115 lbs and got the xsp in the neutral motif at a great price. shipping was quick as well (2 business days). the dotted swirly lines are more beige than they appear on the model. great shape and easy jersey silhouette that will be flattering on all body shapes! will look great with a long statement necklace.
Lovely dress in bright teal color. the zipper was a bit sticky as the other reviewers had mentioned. unfortunately i sized up (6) based on past reviews and had to exchange for a smaller size(4). the fabric does have a bit of stretch so i'm really not sure why so many people had sizing issues. this is really a great buy with the current sale. tempted to pick up the red version too.
I absolutely love this dress. i have received so many compliments. the quality is incredible.
I got this in the floral print before it sold out, and i have never received so many compliments on a dress! it hangs so nicely and is so flattering. the neckline doesn't bother me at all (i know some reviewers mentioned that), but i am a very small busted woman so maybe it has something to do with that? i find it super comfortable, like wearing a nightgown. i am so in love with this dress i just ordered it again in black. it will be a summer staple. i found it runs true to size (i'm 5'3", 115 p
This is a great dress. i purchased the red and gold motif. i like that it is versatile and very comfortable. plus, it has pockets!!! love that! i am fuller in the bottom, so i was concerned with the pockets adding bulk. so far, so good.
I bought this dress for my daughter for her birthday and she loved it! she tells me she has worn it many times and gets compliments each time on both the style and the color (ordered the orange). it's a lovely lightweight knit and is easy to dress up or down, plus it is so comfortable and flattering!
I watched this dress for quite awhile and when it went on sale ordered it. i'm very happy with the purchase. it's swingy and fun, looks great with tall boots too. i said it runs true to size but i bet the size smaller would have been great too just because it is a bit of a looser fit.
There's a stretch and a swing to the dress that makes you feel light and free. really sexy as pictured with boots and scarf
Soft and flowy. fit is great. quality is great. i love this dress and i purchased in the turquoise color as well. i haven't worn a dress in 10+ years so i had a lot of reservation that this would be my first. highly recommend. i paired this with 4" short black suede boots and black tights. many compliments (even from my husband and he doesn't usually pay much attention).
The blue version of this dress originally caught my eye on-line, but wasn't available in the store, so i tried the green one, mainly for size since everyone said it runs a bit small. i did have to size up one or two sizes. i fell in love with the green dress and bought it. it is so comfortable, great quality fabric (not too thin or too heavy). looks great on. i have received several compliments.
I love this dress so much, i've considered getting it in the other prints. it's fitted in all the right places and has pockets! i love that it's stretchy. i'm a 36d and it's hard to fit dresses over the chest. this dress is a dream!
Love this swing dress. i purchased it for work. it is light and comfy. i wear it with tights and boots. i even purchased it in another color.
Very pretty but too short for my age. looks well made and green dress is beautiful. it was just too short for me to be comfortable wearing.
Ordered this in the orange (black, white and turquoise) print in both a small and medium. the style is cute and i like the high neckline that shows off the shoulders and swing skirt that falls beautifully and hides a multitude of figure problems. :) i also previously bought the emerson swing dress, which is the same style by maeve. the emerson style ran a bit larger and as the reviews there state, the armholes were a bit long - so i ended up with a small in that one. this lilt swing dress, howev
I purchased a medium. i am 5'6" 140 lbs and it fit perfectly. the navy is pretty dark, almost black. the fabric is very soft. the cut is more form fitting in the top and then comes out to an a line. it is not as bulky as some swing dresses. in the photo it almost looks like a handkerchief hem, but in real life it is less pronounced. i have no negatives. i would consider getting a second pattern if it goes on sale.
The most important thing is that my husband said he really liked the dress when i put it on.
I purchased this dress in the navy and white stripe. i did purchase the petite since i'm 5'2" and it worked out great. very nice style, comfy and flattering. looks great with a pair of boots. one of my go to dresses for sure.
I bought this dress in the navy stripe version and love it. the material is so soft it's like wearing pajamas, and the actual swing skirt is flattering (which surprised me when i tried it on). i wore it to work with burgundy heels and got a lot of compliments from my co-workers. i'm 5'9", 130 lbs and the xs worked best for me.
This dress is great! i purchased the navy colorway. it is really soft and the fabric flows nicely. i was lucky enough to snag this on sale so i couldn't beat the price. i like the buttons on the sleeves. it adds just a cute special touch. i'm 5'3 and this hits me right at the knee.
This dress was perfect for the fall/winter. i wish i would have bought more colors. the fabric is soft and clings just enough. i lived in it this winter.
This dress is very comfy and soft. i am returning because i didn't like it being a turtle neck, just a personal dislike.
Putting my two cents in regarding how fantastic this dress is! i bought the medium petite in navy stripe. it fits great, it's not too clingy and it's flattering to my disproportionate figure (makes me look more hourglass).
Great dress! needs a tank top underneath, but has a great shop.
I love this dress, it's very comfortable, slim swing and very ingratiating. the fabric is light, i like the details of the buttons on the sleeves. overall, i'm pleased and happy for the purchase of this dress. i will definitely recommend it.
This is such an amazing take on a white blouse. it's fun and still polished! the fabric is so soft and so easy to dress up or down!  the arm holes run a little small but the cut of everything else is amazing.
This is a great dress, both in design and comfort. the material is very soft and warm. yet it is also very stylish, and can be dressed up with big necklaces, a belt, and boots. the stylist in the store mentioned wearing it with a vest. it is a great piece that has so many possibilities. i bought it in navy. thank you retailer!!
I almost ordered this dress yesterday online but did not. i went into my local retailer today and they had it in stock. tried it and completely fell in love with it and even my retailer lady in the back was amazed! i am 5"5", 115lbs. and went with the xs petite. excellent price point.  gorgeous in "neutral"....  tts  highly recommend!
The stress is a simple basic. i got it in the navy stripe and have worn it with the long gray scarf, similar to pictured. it is very soft and comfortable.
They make your butt look great! very whimsical design.
Love this dress!  it has a nice stretchy weight to it and is texturally interesting. it's the first retailer piece that i ever bought my teenage daughter and she looks so sophisticated in it, like a young lady. it's both classy and youthful!  for reference, she's 5'5 100# and is wearing a 00.
I'm not sure why this dress has such bad online reviews because i absolutely love it! it fit tts for me, but i have a large bust so will run big if you are smaller on top. i don't like paying full price usually, but the quality and beauty of this dress justified it! if you are into prints and colors, you will definitely be able to pull it off :)
I tried on the regular size at my store (wish stores close to me carried petites), and it was jsut too overwhelming (aka big). i wanted to purcahse the petite, however, as i really like it (striked out as they are sold out in my size, bummer).  the cut is otherwise flattering, and the sweater is really comfortable. i like all the contrasting "colors" and patterns too.
I bought this 'nightgown' to wear as a winter maternity dress. it really fit the bill!! the knit fabric stretched nicely as i grew but was still flattering before i got larger as well. there is no way i would actually sleep in this dress. it would be way too hot! it is cute with calf length boots and i look forward to rocking it without the belly next winter. i would normally wear a petite length and bought the medium and though it was longer, the length was not awkward and kept it from being to
Many complements today at work! comfortable even on days you don't want to wear something form fitting
To my surprise this sweater is heavy, chic and stylish. its well made and fits tts. i'm looking forward to wearing it. i would recommend this tunic to everyone. it looks better on me than the model.....event though it doesn't look bad. you need curves to enhance the look of this tunic sweater. i really like all the different textures in this sweater.
It is hard to believe that this is called a chemise! it is a fabulous dress! this dress caught my eye in the store and i had to try it on. i went with the navy, which is beautiful and has a great pattern. i had to order a petite xs because the regular xs was loose in my shoulder area. i am petite and narrow and 5'1". the petite xs was perfect for me. it is quite form fitting and does show curves, lumps and bumps so i wore my dress with spanx tights. it was such an easy dress to wear, looked styl
I don't usually pay full-price for retailer clothes, but i had a 20%-off coupon and i decided to give this dress a try, as it irradiated a happy vibe and reminded me of books and dress-up clothes from my childhood. i don't regret it one bit! the colors and the print are absolutely beautiful and i love how they mix up and contrast in a subtle way. i really like the long sleeves with the elastic at the wrist. the cord at the waist hangs with a fun mix of tiny beads, faux mini crab claws, and faux mi
This dress was returned to my store and i was immediately drawn to it. i love absolutely anything with a full shape, and this dress has it! its cut like a circle...so ladies this dress has a lot of fabric. i'm 5'8 and wouldn't be able to wear it as a dress, but it made for an adorable tunic with leggings. the arms are a tad more fitted (though i have larger arms) which helped make the dress feel super cool and feminine. if you love a cool quirky piece, this one is a winner!
The blue looks a lot more grey in person and i've gotten several compliments wearing it with black leggings and grey booties. the texture/print is really unique. i'm 5' 11" 135 pounds and a small fits perfect. highly recommend!!
This is such a fun dress to wear. i wanted something comfortable and flirty and this checked off both boxes. im typically a small size 6 but went w x-small on this one to hug the shoulders more.
The sweater is comfortable and a good weight. the zipper is very difficult, but i do not have to unzip the sweater to pull it on.
Bought this dress as a winter dress. it looks amazing, and even more so with some boots. love it. also, its more gray than blue, although i like that.
I had no idea this was considered sleepwear until after i bought it. i saw it in the store and promptly tried it on, it is really flattering. i wear it as a sweater dress on a regular basis. it is really comfortable, and is something you could dress up with booties or be more casual with cute tennis shoes like keds. i get compliments on it all the time. i also like the slit a lot.
I think the model photo doesn't do this dress justice. it's comfortable and perfect for a summery day. i wear it to work with a light grey cardigan, and of course it works well causally. i'm busty --d on a small frame -- but there's not gapping. the colors are pretty with blues and pinks without being childish.
The embroidery is actually navy blue, not black like it shows in the photos, which was even better for me. these are so soft and feminine looking. love love love! please make more decorated and embroidered hyphens like you have in the past retailer :)
I purchased these jeans in my regular size.  they are a slouchy slim leg that looks adorable with flats or heels.. i could have sized down but wanted the slouchy look. they are very stretchy and soft. have worn a few times and they retained thier shape...
I have been eyeing these jeans the last few times i have been in retailer shopping but did not really need another expensive pair of jeans. today i finally gave in and tried them on. i fell in love and bought them. i sized down one size. they are so darn cute!! i ended up also buying the pilcro em jeans too. loving pilcro' new cuts and styles lately. the embroidery on these jeans is unique and they are really flattering. already planning to wear them out to lunch with friends tomorrow. highly reco
Cloth and stone never lets me down! awesome quality, comfort, and versatility. i imagine myself living in this dress this summer! soft fabric, easy breezy fit, pockets, machine washable...what's not to love? go buy it!
I wasn't expecting much out of this when i was in the store, but liked the colors and thought i'd try it out. grabbed a s and xs (i'm usually a s in everything but maeve is weird sometimes) - the s fit perfectly (tts), and the xs felt tight in the shoulder seam as well as in the armpit. it does have a detachable slip/liner that may be too fitted for some of you are prone to that issue. in the model shot i think the horizontal seam at the swing portion looks higher than it was on me...falling low
Love this comfy, breezy dress. so easy & cool to wear around the hood or casual dinner out. i gave 4 stars for quality because of a small gap in seam near one of the pockets, which i'll fix next time the sewing basket is out. i think the double layers of gauze-like material makes the dress a little delicate if you have animals, so be a careful around claws & paws. the back side is straight which isn't as interesting as the front but for my use, the dress is darling.
Love the colors for fall, feels good and perfect for work. size seems to run a little large but overall works really well and can go to work and out at night - perfect!
The moment i saw this dress, i knew i had to have it. the plaid is beautiful with tones of red, blue and periwinkle. the photos on the website are very true. the unexpected pockets make it even cuter. i also got the sandals as pictured because i love the whole look. i an 5'5" and usually wear a 4 or 6. i got the small and then wondered if it were too big. i ended up going back and trying on the extra small, but it turns out the small was correct. it should hang and drape and it not meant to be f
I love this sweater. it's heavy, with a rich texture that feels like very cool grandma. the cut is straight, and the collar feels natural. a small wraps closed across my chest (usually a s/4/6) without being baggy. falls to my mid-calf at 5'6".
This dress was exactly what i wanted. great material. cute pale blue slip lining the dress. i ordered a medium and it was perfect. i am about 5'6 and about 145. i received compliments all day on how cute it was
There were only 2 pairs left in my store and they had my size! they are super comfortable and easy to wear with anything on top because of the navy embroidery being such a classic color. i would definitely recommend. i may buy the floral embroidery ones too.
Love just know the embroidery is navy blue wearing them today, size down
I ordered a size down as the reviews suggested and i love them!! they are so cute and snug enough in the calf that i can wear boots with them in winter.  great buy!
This dress looks way better than pictured online. it is lyocel i think so it has a little bit of weight (not heavy and bulky like denim but not as thin as some chambray items i've purchased before) and lays great! i purchased a size small, i am 5'8'' 128lbs and thought it was true to size, i can't wait to wear this! warm weather, sandals and a tote for running errands!
I am so pleased with my purchase. the two different levels of the dress is just simply fun and unique. the attached matching, adjustable baby blue slip is a nice add. neither the dress or slip fit too tight or too loose around my torso. i ordered a small which fits me perfect and in case it is helpful, i am 5'7", 133, and a 36a.  if you have been considering this dress, don't delay, especially at the wonderful sale price!
This dress is beautiful on, is thin enough to be extremely comfortable. being curvy, it feels a little more narrow than i would prefer, but i kept it anyway because it is so beautiful as well as functional.
I like these jeans. when i wore them, i received compliments. they do run large. i sized down one size, but probably could have sized down two sizes. they feel tight when you first put them on, but as you wear them, they loosen up and i find myself pulling them up to meet my waist. my other complaint is a small one. the embroidered flower on the knee rubs against your knee as you move. after awhile, my right knee felt like it had a carpet burn on it. that is why i gave this only 4 stars for desi
I love these jeans! when i saw them in my retailer store, i instantly fell in love. they fit like a dream and they look so much better in person than online. they're definitely a boyfriend fit, so if you're between sizes, go down a size. i've already gotten tons of compliments!
These jeans are beautiful. as the other reviewers have noted...they run very large...like 2 sizes, even then they are very stretchy. the embroidery is dark blue (looks black on screen)....lovely pair of jeans. if they had other colors i would by them!
I'm 5'7 and 137 pounds and i tried on this dress in the store. i got the small as it has a little more material in the medium and the small fits like a glove. this dress is great quality and feels good, looks good and can be dressed up or down. like the model in the picture i like the flats with this dress. high quality fashion and total comfort on a hot summer day. go anywhere with this dress and you look like a million dollars. one more little hidden detail it has a detachable slip underneath
I ordered this dress on a whim because of the lush colors and the sale price. to my amazement, it has become one of my go-to dresses. it is far more handsome and flattering in person. i ordered a m for my 5'9" and 36c frame and the fit is perfect. contrary to how the back of the dress is shown on the model, the back is not straight, but flows whimsically thereby adding to its famine appeal. at this price, it's a no-brainier purchase.
If they still have your size, grab it. fits a bit snug in chest, but material is light and airy. got so many compliments on it. great style
Love this dress! the material has a softness to it - just love it! can't wait to wear it this summer. fits true to size.
I actually ended up buying two of these dresses. i took the first one to the dry cleaner and they chewed up the slip and put a hole in the dress. i was so sad that i went and bought a second one before they could sell out. the good news is that it was on sale! this is an awesome light and airy dress that is great for those hot summer days. i pretty much wear it every opportunity i get. for reference i purchased the small. it's loose but the shoulders, armholes and slip all fit perfectly. i weigh
I wasn't going to even try to see it this dress would fit.  it just seemed like such an unflattering silhouette since my body is nothing like the model.  i'm so glad i gave it a try because this dress is cute and comfy and looks great on me when i belt it!  my outfit is a floppy straw hat, skinny leather belt and flat sandals.  there's a lot of fabric but it gathers well without poofing out.  i ordered the medium petite and i am 5'3" 36dd 140#.
I fell in love with this dress immediately. gorgeous print and colors. light and breezy. classic and comfortable. the petite length is perfect for my height and hits a few inches above the knee. i have a small bust (34a) but a wider rib cage so the petite small was a perfect fit. couldn't be more pleased with this purchase.
Love this dress so much. it's super comfortable and i always get a ton of compliments every time i wear it. the fabric is the perfect weight not too heavy. i'll be wearing this all summer long.
I love this dress. i don't have many pink things but saw someone in this on instagram and had to have it. it is as comfy as a nightgown. it has pockets! i tried it with brown sandals as well as with a dark jean jacket and taggart grey booties and looks cute both ways. also looks great with a blingy necklace. tts- got my normal med and it's roomy, but not too big.
Gorgeous dress. it was designed to accentuate a woman's figure. lovely material, holds everything in place without being too revealing. the dress does not lose its shape. definitely a head turner
This is one of the best purchases f i have made at retailer recently. i got this in ivory in my usual xs. the pictures do not do it justice.  it has such a nice drape and i love the detail on the back.  looks great with black cropped trousers, as well as skinny jeans.
I bought this shirt along with a matching vest and duster........love it!
This top fits well as expected for the size. i love the ease of the top and wear it both casually and a bit more dressed up. great styling on the back.
I bought this at the retailer store the other day and i wore it to work and i received so many complements. it has the perfect amount of swing and hides your middle without looking frumpy. i got the blue color and wore it with skinny jeans and ankle boots. the red is really more of a bight pink color, not a rich red as pictured. i wish it came in more colors and patterns...maybe green or purple? it does run big, i usually take a large, but a medium was perfect.
Lovely top, very rich looking, i always get compliments. it's loose fitting but not baggy and the embroidery is well done.
I am normally a 4, but they only had the white in size 2, so i tried it. i was pleased to see that it worked out just fine because it is meant to flow, therefore has plenty of fabric. it is very graceful and very pleasant to wear. i don't know how to explain it, but i had to take a second look when i saw it on the photograph because i was not sure it was the same blouse. much better in reality than on the picture.
Love this top. it's everything all the previous viewers said....except that the white isn't white but a creamy white.it has a yellow under tone.. this restricts my over all plans,but i still like it.
I have so many compliments on this blouse. i love the style and design. i wear it with my long cotton skirt because it runs a little short since i have a long torso and i am 5"8 tall. i would love to wear it with my skinny pants but then it won't look right in the back kinda hang out. otherwise really nice quality blouse. i would definitely buy another just to have a back up.
I was a little hesitant about this dress at first because it looks a bit baggy on top on the model. but decided to order it online anyway based on reviews. well i must say, i'm so glad i did! i really love the shape of this dress. i'm heavy on top but it somehow minimizes that and it also accentuates my waist. the dress is very well made. if you order the right size for you, the slip dress will stay in place. i'm going to style it with high black platform heels, but i also like it with boots as
There isn't anything i don't love about this dress! get it before it's gone! i get compliments every time i wear this dress.
For once, the dress looks better on me than on the model. mine is tight above the bow and black/grey. my bow isn't this big?not pulled so much and maybe it's not knotted in the photo. it's heavy canvas and doesn't show my flaws. i'm saving it for summer?can't imagine wearing it as a jumper as in the photo.  for me (5'3", 32e, 125 lbs) the bust is slightly tight in a 6 but the shoulders are a bit wide in an 8, but both look good. mine is not petite and hits me above the knee (6).  the dress is co
I tried this in store and fell in love. i'm usually between a 0 and a 2 in tops and took this in a 0 because of how flow and lose this is. the fabric is light and not bulky so it can also be tucked in.
Super soft and comfortable with a flattering fit. love the tiny buttons and the 3/4 sleeves since many times the sleeves are too long for me. already my favorite fall top.
I was a little hesitant to order this, thinking it would be too large and unflattering but thankfully i was wrong. this shirt is super cute and comfy. it is a bit of an oversized fit but the fabric drapes nicely and is quite flattering. my new go to outfit this fall will be this shirt with the sleeves rolled up, ankle jeans and my fave oxfords. i'm 5'3", 115lbs and went with the size 4 regular
Such pretty pattern and colors, pleased with dress
This shirt is very soft and fits nicely. as with a lot of maeve tops, the arms are a little snug so if you have muscular arms you'll definitely want to size up. it won't make the shirt too "blousey" because it will still look really cute tucked in in the front with ankle jeans and a trendy belt. i wish i had gotten this in the blue before it sold out because it is lovely!
I bought this in both the black motif and the ivory. i got a size 2 and i would say it is true to size. the fabric is very comfortable and doesn't wrinkle easily. it does have a "flowy" look to it but i didn't find that it had too much fabric. i wouldn't tuck it in though. i find it looks really good with skinny jeans/pants and i love throwing a cardigan over it for cooler days. the details in the double buttons and on the back are really cute and make it more unique. i recommend the shirt.
My expectations were blown away in the best way when i tried on this top.  i typically have issues with button-downs in the chest area (buttons never lay flat) and this top lays perfectly.  the material is super soft.  looks great buttoned all the way up or with a few buttons left open.  i can't wait to wear with a pair of black high-waisted jeans this fall!
Beautiful blouse that can be dressed up or dressed down. online shows as purple, but the black mortif is be true black background with pretty floral colors. i rarely wear floral design, but this blouse make it work. the material is such a soft rayon material. love, love, love.
The first time i saw this in the store i passed it by because the fabric didn't appeal to me .... but the second time i tried it on and fell in love .... had to have it in the beautiful blue.  i'm busty 32h but wear a small and the gathers do wonders to camouflage, which was a nice surprise, because i usually avoid anything with fullness.  will look great with white or black jeans but i will also pair with a very subtle pattern legging as the length is perfect.  i'm short, 5'3".  neckline is fem
Love this dress! it's exactly as pictured and the fabric design is so pretty. will look great with a cardigan for fall but also will look nice for summer with the cutout in the back. nice too that it has a detachable slip.
I looked at this on the hanger and almost passed it up. i'm so glad i didn't because it ended up looking so much better on. i wear a s or xs in retailer tops and went with the xs. i'm 5'6" and it still had plenty of room and enough length to cover my backside. i usually gravitate to reds but the red in this top, while pretty, had too much pink in it for me.
These are soft and skim the body the way well fitted undergarments should. they do not pinch, bind, or ride up. they coordinate perfectly with the matching bra. i am very pleased with this purchase.
This blouse drapes and floats lightly like a dream. the dark black patterned top is not see-through which means you can easily wear it without having to layer. the length covers past your hips and the pattern is flattering.  the doubled-up buttons makes the blouse unique and it's comfortable enough to wear to work or with jeans from late summer into fall.
This shirt is wonderful! i love the styling and the print. sure to be a favorite!
This is a super comfy and adorable shirt. got the black motif - it could def. be passed off as a dark/inkish navy color, too, so it's very versatile. it runs typical/tts for maeve (if you're unfamiliar with the brand, order up one or two sizes if you have broad shoulders and/or large arms). this is super lightweight; feels "slinky" for lack of a better word. essentially, it's rayon-gauze- but it is double-layered, so it is not sheer at all (no need for a cami, although in the lighter version i c
I got this shirt as a gift. it's cute and very comfortable. it is,however, a little thin so you may need to wear something underneath.
I purchased this in blue. it has a soft fabric and seems well made. i have worn it several times and think it is quite comfortable. i bought one size up due to comments on the site, but my daughter thinks i should have stuck to the size chart.
I got the navy blue pattern and i absolutely love it. it's soft and cozy and just dressy enough to pull an outfit together.  i initially sized up to a 10 based on other reviews but exchanged it for an 8, my normal size. it's flowy so the bigger size was way too much fabric. in the 8 it's just right for the style.
I bought this shirt in a size 10. i am a 32 4d and it fit perfect, but wanted it to fit flowy as it does on the model...so sizing up to a 12. very nice quality fabric...not sure how it will be after it's washed. looks just like the picture. i bought the ivory color.
I love maeve designs in general and find that their sizing and quality is consistent. this top is so soft and a bit billowy.. the darker pattern in the black motif combined with the lightweight nature of the material make it perfect for fall. i love the little details: staggered/ paired buttons down the front and interesting seaming that isn't as apparent in the photos. considering another color as well...
I love this blouse. it is soft and has nice drape. even though it is very voluminous on the bottom, the true-to-size cut of the arms and shoulders as well as the seaming in back keep it crisply tailored and not overwhelming. thinking about buying more prints!
Swingy and just the right weight for the office. the cream is ever so slightly sheer but looks really good with a darker bra, even for the office because you can't really see through it. i'm wearing this all the time this fall and winter with skirts, black pants, and skinny jeans
Great spring time dress that looks good with a thin top, a cardigan or by itself. the fit is a bit loose but not oversized in my usual size, so if you want a slimmer silhouette or you are not busty, i would size down. love the fabric as it has some give despite its thickness. i would have paid full price but i'm lucky to have purchased on sale.
I love this top! the length is just right and i love the flow of it!
I love this shirt. i bought the ivory color. it's incredibly comfortable and an easy style.
The sales girl added this to my room, it's so darling and it came home with me.
I really like how this shirt flows and feels. the details are super cute (double buttons in front, pleats in back). great shirt to transition to fall.
I purchased this striped racer tank to wear during the day on july 4th! it was perfect! the back is really special and dresses it up!
I wanted this so much that i purchased it at full price. i purchased the light denim in a petite small. this dress would be flattering on any figure. i am an hourglass and it is so flattering on me. i am also busty and this dress fits quite nicely as well. the material is thicker and somewhat stiff in a positive way. it has substance and the detail zipper on the back is different. this brand has never let me down. the tie doesn't have to look like the one in the picture. i made a lose double kn
This skirt arrived today and i love it. the fabric is substantial and can be worn in the fall and maybe even on a mild california winter day. i plan on wearing it with tights and/or boots. the fabric will go with a variety of colored tops and sweaters. it's not "pull on styling". it has a side zipper. fits true to size, but is longer on me than the model, but then i am pretty short. got this on sale!!
This jumpsuit is a classic!!!!! i read the reviews where some were complaining about the buttons i did not have these issues (maybe because i have short fingernails). i like this jumpsuit because the style of it will be around for a long time. you can dress the jumpsuit up or down. i rarely pay full price but this jumpsuit is so great/fantastic, that i did not mind doing so. i strongly recommend this jumpsuit.
Rompers are my fav so i'm biased writing this review. although they are a little tricky with the fit i definitely can say that this beauty makes my body look amazing! the cut of the fabric makes for a great shape. yes, the first couple of buttons  are tough to get on but i'm guessing that after a couple of wears it will get easier. i got my usual size 4 and it fit like it was made specifically for me. i'm very happy with this purchase.
These pants have great style and movement.
As others mentioned, you have to unbutton all tiny buttons to put on and off... i do hope this gets easier with use... but - gorgeous and flattering as all get out! :-) i love the design in the back, and the little annoying buttons are sooo cute. the cut is super flattering, and classy. i can wear this to work, or out, just don't drink too much water ladies.... i am 115 lbs and 30dd chest, and the 0 petite was perfect. seriously, beautiful... so torn (keeping it for now!)
This top makes you feel like you should be in the tropics sipping a frosty cocktail. fabric is soft, not too sheer. i'm usually an xs and that's what i kept in this top. armholes not too low as in some. for reference, 5'4", 123 lbs
This is a gorgeous top. it is a very soft fabric that drapes beautifully. i purchased the red print - i tried both on in the store. the red really pops. i've only owed this top for a week and i've received many compliments on it.
I am usually between a 8 and a 10 and was an 8 in this skirt, it is very nice because it has so many soft colors in it and will go with anything. i live in florida so for me this is a fall skirt! i like the look of a wrap and it is not a wrap it fits great.
Just picked this up in my retailer store and i love it. i bought the orange print and the colors are vibrant and perfect for summer. i am 5'5" and  140 lbs. i took a small which is my usual size at retailer. could be worn unbuttoned as a sleeveless cardi over a tank. i will wear a cami underneath as it is sheer, but that doesn't bother me. another shopper was trying this on in the fitting room and it looked great on both of us. i will wear this all summer long. looks great with denim. happy find!
I absolutely love this dress! the fabric is very light and airy while not being revealing. the color, being nude as indicated, is a nice change from plain white or off white and the embroidery is just beautiful and makes this dress quite unique. i love the fact that it is a tunic dress which lends to less of a structured look and more of an easy casual style. i recently wore this dress to an out door bbq and was both cool and comfortable all day. i also received many compliments from friends and
This top can be dressed up or down. i got it in the blue motif. it is so cute and that wearable, washable fabric. i am a medical student so it is important for me to be able to wash my clothing and not wear things too low-cut (i.e. professionalism). this top fits the bill while still being fabulous. of course it is loose-fitting on the bottom, as the image indicates. it is a swing top. i recommend with skinny pants.
I just received this and wore it immediately - it is cute even under a cardigan because the pattern 'peeks' out, giving some depth to an otherwise plain white shirt. the material is soft and sort of on the thin side but not see-through. it is a fine knit, and has a satin-like thread to it which makes it soft and cool - perfect for a summer day! it is not as slim on me as the model but i am very petite (51 100 lb) and i think this would run closer to tts.
Although this is an online only, i was lucky enough to stumble along a return in the store. this is the same quality and soft fabric that i expect from tyhlo. it doesn't show as much in the model photos, but this top has a subtle high-low effect, which adds a bit of elegance to the top.  i took my usual size xs in the tyhlo brand. however, note that i am small busted (~34b/c) and this was already starting to pull some across the chest. my biggest critique it that this pulling caused a small ga
I love the bright floral print flanking the solid white middle in this top. with its swing style and large arm holes i think i could have sized down and been ok, but i usually wear a cami with my tanks so the arm holes are not an issue. also, it has a touch of spandex in it which make it extra comfy. overall, a darling top!
If you haven't yet joined the jumpsuit bandwagon, now is the time! this jumpsuit is absolutely stunning! classy, elegant and a stand out piece. i purchased at full price. i have a hard time with jumpsuits as i am quite tall and they usually look like an adult onsie on me - this jumpsuit made me feel beautiful, put together and graceful. i cannot recommend it enough! fit is true to size, i am a 4 and purchased the 4. not too short in the crotch and i am almost 5'10. form fitting but still a bit f
I purchased the orange version (definitely orange - not red) before heading out on vacation and it was perfect for hot summer weather. the swingy shape keeps you cool and the print is much better in person. the fabric is very soft and hangs well. look forward to wearing to work also with a cardigan. i own a few akemi + akin tops and always get a s. this one seemed a bit large even in s but i liked the length so kept the s.
This tank is super amazing. very versatile - wore to work with dress pants and flats, and wore out to dinner with jeans and heels. a bit out of my comfort zone since it is a "swing" tank, but love the color and cut! perfect for professional life and going out on the town. i did choose a petite in this due to the long armholes (even though i have a long torso for my body size).
These pants are so comfortable, it's ridiculous. they are lightweight and perfect for spring/summer at the office or an evening out. i am 5'9" and the pants fit as pictured. i paired with a sweater and kitten heels. they do run a little large so consider going down a size.
This kimono is beautiful! pictures definitely do not do it justice! i love the details of the beading and sequins throughout. the only downfall is that they can snag and get fall off quite easily. delicate but still my fav kimono ever.
I cannot keep my hands off this gorgeous kimono - i want to wear it every day! it goes with so much of my wardrobe. it's thin, and cool (both meanings of cool apply). i like to keep my arms covered (i think my upper arms are too fat) and this kimono does just that, while keeping me cool as a cucumber, i wear a sleeveless white or gray cami under it and it is soooo comfortable, i could sleep in it. it would also look great with lime green cami and white pants. so far, i wear it with blue jeans an
This is a soft, comfortable and flattering alternative to a regular t-shirt - not dressy, but a little more put together looking. it also doesn't wrinkle, so it's my go-to travel shirt for warmer months.
I bought this to wear in the warm climates, when you go indoors it is always freezing. i also travel a lot and wanted something light weight to wear on the plane and airport. wore it the first day all day with jeans and top. lots of compliments. i was worried that driving in the car, it would get torn or snagged. didn't! loved it so much, going to by another one similar and have on again!
Fit great. hang nice. extra loop to hold belt. perfect design.
Absolutely adorable!!! i must object to previous reviewers who have stated that the top "fits nothing like that of the model in the photo". i have found that it fits exactly like that "look". i usually wear xl but bought this one in large as the price was too good to pass up! this top affords the slightly slouchy look on top (thanks to the dolman sleeves) but with a bit more fit or i should say....with a bit better fit through the midriff than that of the model. one reviewer stated this top make
The shirt is beautiful but slightly long. it is see thru and you do need to wear a cami underneath.
The colors on this top are very bright & cheery. i love wearing this top. i get a lot of complements on the combination of the pastel colors. it reminds me of a warm summer day. i wear a pink tank under neath and it really brings out the pink colors of the top.
I love this jumpsuit! i'm usually a size small, however i was a lot more comfortable in an xs. the fit was comfortable and sexy! i received a lot of compliments and a couple of "i need to borrow that from you"! i'm only 5' tall so it went down all the way to my ankles but i paired it with 4" open toed heels and it worked! the neck line is pretty high but you can adjust it to your comfort. i highly recommend this jumpsuit ...even to the petite ladies!
This is a beautiful shirt. like many other reviewers stated, this shirt does not have a lining. but any white camisole works just fine. love it! i've already gotten tons of compliments.
I have a love and hate with fit and fashion. i love super beautiful clothes that are comfortable to wear. normally i am the one everyone keeps asking where did you buy that and i inwardly roll my eyes because my rule of thumb is dress with the most comfortable thing i can. now i'm also a full figured mama. these outfit made me look chic parisian and made my derriere look like it was very attractive. i have a long torso and a long neck and long legs and it hid my flaws. so if you want to look lik
This dress did not show well on the hanger but thankfully it intrigued me. i love it, it's very flattering and easily dressed up for work with a heel or dressed down for the weekend. great buy!
I think i've made a hobby out of trying on jumpsuits & rompers this season. i now own three (including this one in my usual size small: 32d-31-38). i passed right by this on-line but it drew my attention in the store. i didn't realize it was chocolate brown and ivory (i'm a sucker for brown). i tried it on on a whim and it looked great. i am tall--almost 5' 9" and it looked great. i will say it shows off my bottom (for better or worse) more than other jumpsuits. it doesn't give me a wedgie but a
First of all, this is so much prettier in person. if i were looking online, i would have scrolled right by this beauty. i am usually a medium or small in retailer tops and dresses. in jeans, i am a size 8 or 10 but i always have to get the waist taken in (little waist, big thigh problem). this piece was tricky for me but i ended up with a medium because the legs are so roomy. also, there are little ties on the sides to pull in the waist more if necessary. the scarf can also be tied behind the neck
This top is even more beautiful and vibrant in person, but you definitely need a racerback cami underneath it as the laser cuts are big. the first time i wore it today, i got a number of compliments. a definite keeper.
Cute top. fits short but roomy. will get a lot of use in my wardrobe.
This shirt is super soft and comfortable! luckily it's a good length and not at all short!
I am so happy i decided to try this on in store. it is absolutely stunning! unfortunately they only had a m and it was a little too flowy so have the s ordered and anxious to try it on. the top is really where i am concerned it is too large. i am 5'3", 36dd and 130#, athletic build. since you really cannot wear a bra with it, which is okay btw, the armholes were a little too open and afraid things may show ;). the bottom fit okay, a little on the large side but this should fit loose and flowy. c
I've been wanting to buy a romper that was easy to wear and take off and i like this one for many reasons. the elastic waist "holds" the romper in place when you take the top off, the top comes off easily bc it's a halter and the design is very chic and sophisticated. the only down side is the tie is really heavy if you tie it in the back. it's better to tie it in the front like the model in this picture. it is a bit long (comes down to my ankles) but looks good with heels.
I've been on the lookout for a great quality basic black and white stripe shirt. it's easy to find the super cheap ones that last you maybe four wears. this one is great quality, extremely soft, and comfortable. i'm usually a small in tops, but got this in a medium so that it would fit like the model, slightly loose, i didn't want it body hugging. so, if you're looking for that fit, go up a size, it doesn't stretch out much.
Great quality and beautiful color! i wear size 6 and ordered s. got lots of compliments :)
Fyi-the model is wearing the top with a cami tank under. on it's own, it's lace and has holes throughout. i prefer it that way, so you can layer to make it more conservative, but also wear with a nude bra for an edgier look. material washed well and has a pretty raw lace edge seam on the bottom!
I couldn't decide whether to get it in the black and white stripe or the blue, so i bought both. these t-shirts are incredible--soft, comfortable, fit well (i'm 5'2 usually a size 2 in retailer clothing, xs fit true to size for this shirt). the blue is vibrant and, as another reviewer noted, there's a tiny black stripe in between the blue and white. the black and white is actually more of a cream/offwhite but still pleasing and versatile. sleeves roll up easily, which is a preference of mine. they
Loving the ombr color combination, the smooth lining, the fuzzy felty warmth and the slimming effect when viewed from the front. if you are busty or hourglass, stay tts or size up. if you are straight and/or small busted, size down. if you have a round bottom but slender on top, i'm not sure this dress will fit the way you want, do try it on in person.
I'm another borderline petite at 5'4", and i loved this. the pants are like palazzos on me, and i think with a heel it will look great. i plan on wearing my hair up and tying the tie in the back in a big bow. in fact, i don't see the button back spoken of in the description, so i think one would have to do so!
This is one of those stunning retailer pieces that keep us coming back for more. it reminds me of the lithe dresses from the earlier retailer days. it fits tts. well made with side zipper that zips both the inner sheath and outer tulle overlay ( as opposed to those obnoxious linings that you wrestle with). the inner sheath has a fabulous lattice work pattern while the overlay has beading and embroidered detail.  sure to sell out.
This top really pays attention to detail. it is very refreshing to buy a top that is lined so i don;t need to struggle to find the right cami to go underneath. also there is a lovely snap fixture to hold your bra strap in place. very thoughtful :) the top seems to run true to size and fits well. neither the arm holes or the v-neck are too low. i agree with the first reviewer that the main need for sizing up or down is due to breast size. i'm a 36dd and the 10 fit perfectly. also, the colors in t
I absolutely love this top! i often shop the sale items first, but when i saw this top in the store, i didn't hesitate to pay full price. the material reminds me of vintage clothing - it is a dry clean only item, but is so special that it's worth it. the colors and construction (beautifully lined, bias trim) are impressive. and, this top looks better on me than on the model:)
I took a risk and bought this blouse and got a wonderful surprise. i bought my usual size small (34c, 31" waist) and it was perfect. the details of this blouse are amazing. you cannot see the flecks of copper-gold leaves all over the fabric or the gold threads running down the seam in the front. it is really, really beautiful. the fabric overall is soft and flowy and the sleeves do not stand out off my shoulders in a weird way. there is a soft flow of ruffle down both sides of the shirt. the fro
Tried this little gem on in the store but they were out of my size. the ladies were so helpful, ordered it, shipped to me directly and i received it amazingly fast - not an easy task when you live off grid in north idaho! i wore it last night to a st patrick's day party in california and received a ton of compliments. paired it with black leggings and strap or black heels.  i'm still smiling today, can't wait to wear it again. the fit is flattering and the quality superb. thanks retailer
This top is gorgeous! the print is lovely and the material and cut are well constructed. can't wait to wear!
This dress is beautiful. it may run a tad large. everything about the dress is very appealing from the nice fabric, beautiful design and colors of the print. it will go straight into fall. so very happy i tried it! i have a beautiful, elegant dress for the hot weather.
I bought this top because i loved the floral print. i had no idea i was getting a top notch quality top. i love the flow of the bottom and the zipper in the back is so classy. it has a lining and the coolest thing about it is the snaps that protect your bra from showing. love love love this top!!
Stunning! very well made. the colors are so vibrant and stand out without being too flashy. the cut is a bit strange but it works. runs true to size. i took my normal size 0. i rarely buy anything at retailer full price, but i made an exception with this one. a must buy!
Adorable peplum top! colors are much more rich in person. saw it in the store and stalked it online until it went on sale. beautiful material and craftsmanship. i thought it ran on the large side though wish it was a touch longer but not enough to not purchase. highly recommend....great piece to dress up or down and easily add layers for fall.
The most beautiful top in my closet and i have a huge closet of beautiful clothes! hope retailer carries more peasant top by this brand...stunning
Nice fit and color and i love the tall cuff but you will need to size up at least two sizes.  as the previous reviewer stated these jeans do run extremely small.  i usually wear a 27 ag in jeans, sometimes a 28 for the ag legging jeans but the 28 in these were still very tight all over, and uncomfortable.  i don't like my jeans skin tight so i had to go up to a size 29 but they fit and look great.  sizing definitely off on these.  i am 5'3" 115# for reference.
I bought this dress in a medium petite. i'm 5'2 and 140#. it fit great and made my waist look really tiny. i cannot wait the dress with heels or else you would see the entire shoe. it works perfect with flat sandals. i've received tons of compliments! you can also wear a normal bra with the dress. love it!
A must have 1 piece. every time i wear this i get compliments! it's very flattering, amazing quality, soft material, good support and vibrant colors! i wish this came in more colors and patterns. worth the money no questions asked!
I adore this maxi! the fit, style, pattern (black motif), machine washability, everything! fits tts (got my usual size s for 5'7", 125lbs). i would say that the length is appropriate - some are super long on me, and i'm not one to wear heels. i was also happy that the top fits nice and snug - my issue is usually that when i bend forward the top drapes open due to my small chest - no problem with this dress! i think it's perfect piece for spring/summer/fall and dressing up or down. my one slight
I ordered this after reading the stellar reviews and i was not disappointed! i ordered the black and purple floral motif and both are excellent. i have a rather big chest (36dd) and the shelf bra and halter support are just enough for me. look forward to wearing this on my upcoming vacation!
This skirt is great! the fabric is so soft and light. i was hoping that the lower portion of the skirt wouldn't be too transparent, and it wasn't. the slip lining on the upper portion of the skirt is nice. the color is exactly as shown. i followed the advice of the only reviewer and sized up... i shouldn't have! the skirt was too big in the waist and too long. so i exchanged and the fit was right on. i think the skirt is meant to sit a little higher on the waist, so keep that in mind. the only t
Love this black and white dress. the bottom art print is so nice, i am a sucker for flowers, i also love the cut of it, teh tiered hem is very flatering, not too much amterial. the upper part covers a normal bra, and the whole dress is super flowey, substantial amterial, and stretchy (for those days where you ingest more than itnended). flattering cut (waist being the aame apttern as the bottom, gives it a nice shape). i can't say anything bad about this.   regular xs fit me but i would ahve t
This is such a simple dress to throw on that will give you instant wow factor. you can dress up or down but know that it is completely flattering - head to toe. i am in love with this dress!
Great petite maxi! i'm 5'3 and it skims the top of my feet. soft, fits great and went right into my suitcase for my upcoming  trip. can dress up or down.
I was on the fence about getting this maxi because it's a tad pricey but ended up scoring an retailer coupon that took a bit of the sting out of the price. i'm so glad i went ahead and ordered it! it's absolutely lovely! i'm 5'3", 117# and got an xs petite; it fits like a glove and is the perfect length to wear with either flats or a higher heel. love, love, love!
Very comfortable and easy to dress up or down. i get tons of complaints on this dress- it's a definite win!
I ordered this dress online and i love it! i'm only 5'2" so it's always a challenge for me with maxis but this one fit the bill. not too much fabric to be overwhelming on a shorter frame and the length was perfect. the fabric is very comfortable and moves with you. also the quality is great! i ordered a small petite but i probably could have gone xs petite. this would dress would be flattering on most people. need same dress, more colors!
This dress is beautiful and fit exactly as pictured. i'm 5'9", 140 lbs and a size 4 fit perfectly.
This dress is very forgiving on my post baby body. i'm glad i purchased the petite, it hits my ankle perfectly (i'm 5'5"). very versatile, i can see wearing this at work (with a blazer) or on a weekend.
This is my new favorite dress! i can't tell you how flattering it is. i just had a baby a few months ago, and it's the only piece of clothing i actually feel like i look like my old, pre-baby self in! i'm on the shorter side (5'3"#, very busty #because i'm nursing# and about 118 lbs. i got a mp and it fits great. i could have gotten the small, but i feel that would have been too low cut. honestly, love the cut, the pattern, everything about it. would buy again!
I love my new maxi dress! as soon as i put it on, i knew this dress would be my go to dress of the summer. i love the styling with the thicker shoulder straps and higher cleavage. you will definitely be able to wear a regular bra with this dress. the material is soft, light, and flows well. i particularly love the ruffle on the bottom of the dress - it adds that extra little feminine touch. i can't wait to wear it.
I love this dress! my goal is to have a closet full of clothes that are really cute and stylish, but are also very comfortable... this dress fit the bill. the mixture of the fabrics is even more cute in person than it looks online, and the fabric is so soft, it almost feel like wearing pajamas. the weight of the fabric also makes it hang really nicely, and so it's flattering. overall, a great addition to my spring/summer wardrobe.
This is a great dress for summer and very flattering!  i am 5'4 and could have pulled off the regular length but chose to go with the petite so that i could wear flats.
This dress is beautiful. the neckline is not too low and the straps are wide enough so you can wear a normal bra! the waist is very flattering and the ruffle at the bottom is not too much. i am short so i ordered the petite and it is a perfect fit. now i just need some warmer weather!!
One of the best maxi dresses i have ever found! i needed a dress that could accommodate a large bust (36g) and camouflage my postpartum belly. the dress did it all. i ordered the large (5'7 and 155 lbs) and it is so flattering. it has just the right amount of coverage up top to prevent looking too busty. and the band around the midsection makes me look much slimmer. like i said, best maxi dress ever. price is pretty high, but it was worth it!
I love this dress. i live in maxi dresses versus shorts in the summer and this is the perfect cut, weight and quality. i did have to order it in petite or else i was stepping on the bottom (unless really high heels). i am 5'5", so i would say that it runs long. offer this cut in more colors!!
This dress is extremely comfortable and looks great on. i'm 5'3" and 34dd and the m petite fit like a dream with even a bit of room at the bust. the length is perfect with sandals or even up to 2-inch heels. perfect for travel and summer entertaining!
I was on the fence about purchasing this dress for a while and finally took the plunge. glad i did because this dress is stunning and very comfortable. i ordered an xsp and it was the perfect length. originally, i had also considered xxsp. while it fit well above the waist, it was slightly too short. for reference, i'm 5 ft 3.5 inches, 105 pounds.
This dress is wonderful. wide enough straps for a bra to be concealed, lovely pattern that draws the eye down instead of across, and a waistband that hits at the narrowest part of your midsection, making it look super-tiny. the design is simple but very clever--it's feminine, flattering, and slimming. my only quibble is that it's quite long (and i'm almost 5'7" in my stocking feet)...i will have to wear heels or have it hemmed. highly recommend.
These are so comfy! mom of two boys on the go! great for running around and then can be dressed up for a night out on the town! not mom jeans!
Took the plunge and ordered this in the romantic floral pattern. i almost got the black because i thought it would be 'timeless' but the print is so fun - i'm glad i went with it! ordered a size m - for reference, i am 5'6, 135lbs, 34c, 28/39 and the fit is comfortable. i don't need a lot of support :) and i find the coverage adequate up top and on the bottom. i think it'll still fit perfectly even if i lose a few pounds before my beach trip. this is the first one-piece i've had since i was a gi
Another perfect maxi from retailer! the print is feminine and can be easily dressed up or dressed down. i ordered my normal size in maxis (medium) and the top fits nice and snug but not too tight. i am busty and the neckline is high enough that i don't feel like i am showing too much cleavage. it is a little long on me when i have flip flops on but with a little platform sandal it will be perfect.
Love this skirt. i love that it is pleated and sheer on the bottom. i'm so happy i found it online! love anything maeve, you can count on the quality and simple elegance.
Gorgeous dress with a slimming pattern and flattering waistband. i would say the bust cups are a little floppy on the medium petite and i have 36dds. like others, i wish the skirt was lined but it's not a deal breaker. tracy reese did a great job creating movement in the skirt and flounce without the bulk. i can wear a little heel but wearing flats makes the hem drag.
Bought this for my girlfriend and she couldn't be happier! she's a size 4/34c and the small fits perfectly and is so flattering and comfortable. highly recommend.
As other reviewers have said, this is the perfect summer maxi dress! i'm tall, just under 6 feet, and while the dress could be just a bit longer it still works for my height. i do wish the skirt was lined, but other than that the dress is excellent. worth buying at full price if you're worried about it selling out!
I can't get enough of this dress! this dress is everything. from the flattering fit, to the colors and pattern, to the design, and to the quality.. this dress really has it all. this is worth every penny and in my opinion, a great price for a versatile, high quality dress. the material is that super comfy, stretchy material which is perfect for everyday! it is a no brainer and easy to throw on. also, the neckline is flattering and sexy without showing "anything"! definitely can wear a normal bra
This dress is so easy to wear! the neck line is not too low! can wear a regular bra!! it flows beautifully! i love it!!
This dress is so much prettier in person - the pattern is unique, adorable and not over-powering. i'm an xxs petite and i can wear the dress with flats. (5ft) i think this is versatile enough to wear to work, party or a casual wedding. the fit is perfect - hugs at the correct spots. the fabric feels really soft and silky and feels a bit heavy which allows it to drape nicely. overall - i love it.
I'm on the smaller end of the bust spectrum even nursing i'm a 32c/d at my fullest. i adore this suit. there is zero support so if you need that move on don't buy this. i love it -hides the post partum baby puff, pattern detracts from flaws, deep plunge is modest yet still sexy and it's super stretchy and easily be pulled aside to feed a baby. underneath there's a fabric bra insert so if you bend over nothing can be seen which i like. haven't worn in water or waves yet but fabric feels awesome.
This is the perfect dress to take traveling. dress it up with heels or down with sandals. warm up and wear it with a short black sweater. a nice easy elegant dress. size small fit nicely, medium probably would have been fine too.
This is a really nice suit. it fits well and is slimming with the cross waist. it's also supportive in the bust even, and maybe especially, because it doesn't have moulded cups or underwire, which allows for flexible sizing. the back rises high enough that it supports around the chest as well as from the halter straps. the straps are wide too so they don't dig in and are comfortable. the look is subtle and feminine in the black and the quality is good. it is true to size, but might run a tad lar
Beautiful in every way. you can never go wrong with black and white. very lightweight since it's not a lined dress so it's perfect for our florida heat.
The "movement" in these culottes when i walk makes me feel like i should have some, "yeah, i can wear these attitude!" not only is the quality exceptional but the fabric is "thick" enough to hide flaws. i am 5' 120 lbs and i ordered the 4petite. i am usually a 6petite. the size 4p fits perfectly. i ordered the apricot color. great neutral. i'm so happy i was able to get a pair -there's a reason most sizes are sold out! i have short legs, and my legs are medium in size. i worried about the thigh
This maxi is perfect! the neckline is sexy but not too sexy (yay for normal bra!), and the waistline is flattering. the skirt isn't very full, but the ruffle effect at the bottom gives it nice movement. it could easily be dressed up or dressed down. i can't imagine that this wouldn't be flattering on anyone. it fit totally true to size for me.
This is a fantastic maxi -- it is very flattering, you can wear a normal bra with it (for me, very necessary) and the added ruffle makes it perfect. its a casual fabric but because of the contrast in fabric can be dressed up easily.   i am 5 foot 1, 123, and curvy on top and ordered a small petite. in many antrho maxis i go down to an xs, but in this one the small felt the best -- more comfortable around the waist.   will get tons of wear out of this -- have already taken it on a trip and wo
I really love everything about this cardigan. the detailing at the bottom part of the arms adds a lot, the color is highly versatile, it is a thicker fabric so it keeps you warm, and my favorite part is that it is long. i like longer cardigans that you can easily pair with skinny jeans. the only drawback is there is no way to close this cardigan, likely if i end up purchasing this i will also purchase some sort of broach to pin it with or pair it with one of the belts i have from retailer to
These are just as cute as pictured. they are generously sized made from soft denim. the denim has quite a bit of stretch. i ordered a size down from my normal size. i was surprised by all the extra threads in the pockets. they were still attached to the inside of the pockets. it just made them feel a little unfinished. these didn't impact the overall wear or appearance of the garment. the straps are adjustable with two buttons on the overalls and three strap-length adjustments on the straps. the
Love this shirt...got it in the "blue" but i will say the print is a very dark navy, almost black. i'm 130 lbs, 34d and the size 6 fit me fine. so i would disagree with other reviews that says it runs large. this is perfect to hide muffin tops with the slight swing style that has a little flair!
Let me just say the ski pattern is the cutest thing i've ever seen!! i literally bought it as soon as a saw it. i got a size 2. i'm usually a 0 or 00 in most blouses and shirts, but i wanted this to be a litter looser so i sized up. it's definitely not oversized even though i sized up. the fit is a little boxy and a little shorter in the front - really flattering in my opinion. the material is really nice and it can definitely be dressed up for work or dressed down with jeans and a chunky scarf!
Absolutely beautiful!! quality is worth it...i agree with other review and also sized down from large to medium for a more fitted look ....the color is gorgeous..lighter shade of brown...so thrilled material does not contain dreaded wool lol!
Beautiful stitching on the sweater. very soft and a nice length as well. like the soft brown color - will match many things in my wardrobe.
I am partial to maeve tops, i love the prints! i loved the ski print as soon as i spotted it. i think its such a darling shirt for winter. the material is light weight which is perfect for layering, i'm planning on wearing it with my fur vest as well as a knit vest i got at retailer last summer. i got a 4 (i go between 2 and 4) because i prefer some room in button down shirts and it fits as planned. i wanted to wait for it to go on sale but i was worried about selling out so i picked up on black f
What a sweet shirt!! the ski pattern is adorable and they have a cute cat pattern that i've only seen so far in the store. the fit is small. i sized up from my normal 8 to a 10 but could have even gone to a 12 as there wasn't much difference between the 10 and the 12 except in length.
Bought with the 25% off retailer was running -- usually a little skeptical of maeve regarding size but the material of these shirts is excellent. bought the ski print and the red penguin print. perfect for low-key and where i work!
High quality, soft, thick fabric that drapes well, keeps you warm, and figure flattering. i'm 5'4 and the length is perfect. the color is a great neutral that goes well with everything. love the design detail throughout. this cardigan does not have a button or tie closure so if you are between sizes, go with the smaller size for a tailored fit.
I tried this on in the sotre (in balck) as i was planning on ordering the orangey one.  my usual is 0 or 2, sometimes petites. i thought the regular 0 was sjut fine and flattering. fabric is soft, adn every pattern they ahd in store was really nice (no orange-red though). was not overly snug anywhere, and i am a bit braod for my size.  i deceided not to purchase only because i have done seriosu damage in the last month *multiple purcahses) and this was one of 2 i had to pick... if it goes on sal
This is the second sweater i've purchased recently that i overlooked online, but fell in love with once i tried it on. it is extremely flattering and the length is perfect. i will be wearing this a lot! i am 5'-7", 138 lbs. and the medium fit perfectly.
I seldom buy prints and almost never buy a traditional button front blouse but this shirt is my favorite purchase of the season. i chose the skier print as it was whimsical and subtle. rather than wear it buttoned and tucked i use it as a jacket over solid tees. i bought it a size larger for this reason. i like the layered look and the fabric is flowy and drapes nicely. i have been so pleased with every piece of "maeve" clothing i have purchased. once again thinking slightly outside my comfort-z
Tried this on in the store in a small (i'm a size 6 in most retailer dresses) and it was enormous. i'm short (5'2") so i knew i'd need a petite size. ordered a petite small and the length is better - still a lot of fabric, but i think a petite xs would be too small if you are curvier up top (i'm a full 34d and the petite small is just slightly tight in the bust). definitely size down in this or you'll be swimming in it!
I loved this top so much i ended up getting it in three colors. it's comfortable and so easy to wear. it does run large though in my opinion. i normally wear a 6 in tops and i bought this is a 2.
I love this shirt! i got the one with the skiiers. for reference, i got a size 2 and i'm 5' 6", 135 pounds. it's a bit tight around my shoulders, but not enough to make me want a size 4. if you have broader shoulders, a 4 would probably be good. the bottom flares out a little and is cut shorter than other button downs. it's too short to really tuck in comfortably. the print is absolutely perfect. the shirt is soft and very flattering. it's pricey but super cute!!
I purchased this online and absolutely love this:::: it can be dressed up or down. i received many compliments, its also so soft and very comfortable!!! a must have!!
I had been looking for something like this to add to my summer wardrobe. fortunately for me i saw these in the retailer catalog and thought, how perfect, exactly what i've been searching for. they are a bit pricey, and crotch hangs a bit lower on me because i'm only 5'3, but it's not enough to make me send them back, i will have them altered if need be, they are to cute.   i'm a size 4 in pants and ordered the 29, i wanted some wiggle room, i didn't realize the denim has stretch, i will keep the
Must have - i splurged on the white style and red style; couldn't choose between the two. shape of shirt worked for me. the white style isn't too thin that you have to wear something underneath. costly for the quality of fabric, but i had a gift card, and it is retailer after all.
These are worth the money! gorgeous fit, soft denim, and make my body look long and sleek (especially my bottom). i wear mine w a white tee underneath and plan to add booties for the fall but for now, platform clogs. fabulous.
I bought this for my sister. it is perfect for your favorite cat lover, the print is adorable up close but not overwhelming to secretly hide your crazy cat lady intentions. i love this myself, the material is soft and it's a perfect flowy blouse for day to night.
I think this romper is super stylish, kind of dvf-ish and it's as-pictured except it's more colorful in person; the vines are pink and pale aqua, and the flowers are deeper yellows with white & beige parts and pink dots in them. i see what other reviewers mean that the fabric is thin, it is, but i wouldn't say sheer. it's a lightweight woven fabric. the problem is there's no stretch, so when you reach up, the whole romper hikes up. i think it's true-to-size. i got my usual xspetite and it fits g
I am writing this because my experience with this blouse differs from that of the other reviewers. compared to all my other maeve blouses, this top fits true to size/slightly larger than usual. it's wider/boxier than it appears online, and the arms are totally normal (in fact quite roomy) on me. all the other reviewers thus far have complained of very tight arms/bust and had to size up. i am having the opposite dilemma... given the extra width due to the cut of the blouse, and the fact that the
Great shirt!! i bought the red penguins and its adorable. i am returning it however b/c the size i bought was too big, with that said it was my error not the brand. i think it runs true to size.
I purchased the blue stripes and the black cat prints on sale and i'm very pleased. they each fit me a little differently as the black cats fit tighter through the arms, the stripes remain a bit looser throughout. no complaints here! i like the variation. i ordered a size small as i'm normally a size small (36c, 135 lbs, 5'2").
My new favorite sweater for layering!! perfect color, length and fit. i am 5"4, 125 and purchased my usual small. if you're on the fence about this one i say try it on it's totally worth it!
So, i'm really surprised that reviewers said the fit was too small and too tight in the arms. i'm 5'7" and 183lbs and my husband (god bless his soul) bought me an 8 for my birthday. i tried it on just to see and was pretty impressed i could button it across my chest and get it over my arms as those are common problem areas for me. regardless i need to exchange the shirt for a larger size because even though i got it on its not how is supposed to look. the shirt is loose around the midsection whi
Beautiful angel of the north sweater! tts, lovely color and a staple classic.
When i saw this shirt it bought back wonderful memories of ice skating on wheatley's pond as a child where i primarily grew up in the northeast. just loved it!! i tried my normal size 4 on but it fell off my shoulders and the cuffs fell mid hand so, i tried the size 2 and it fit perfectly. i see where many say it runs small and for full busted ladies it may but i am only 34b and 116 lbs and the size 2 worked fine. it is slightly blousey in the mid section but not overly so, the fabric and stitch
Great blouse for curvy women. i'm always an xl in retailer tops, and even then sometimes the xls can be too tight to keep. however, i was so happily surprised with this blouse. the arms are usually an issue for me, but the arms in the blouse are perfect and loose in the bicep area. this blouse fits beautifully and is really high quality. the blouse lays nicely everywhere. i plan to wear it with a pair of gray pants so the lace cut out at the bottom shows up more. the lace is heavy duty and doesn't
Great sweater, beautiful detail, warm and cozy. i will wear this well into spring because it's a nice weight for cool spring evenings. the knit pattern is beautiful and will be great for casual wear and dressy occasions as well.
The straps are long but work ok for me. the material is very soft and the color (pink) is very nice. this is a tank you can wear under almost anything as the soft silky fabric will allow whatever you wear to glide right over it....no sticking!
I bought this shirt in the black cat print. the material is very soft and it has a nice drape. i wear a size 32dd and worried that the size zero may be too small across the bust but it fits perfectly. i am 5 feet tall with a petite frame. the front of the shirt falls a few inches below my waistline and the back of the shirt is longer and provides plenty of coverage so it can be worn with skinny jeans. i can also wear this to work with a pair of slacks and it looks nice. i would actually love to
I am somewhat of a perennial sale-only retailer purchaser (often even when a promo code, i don't buy full price! lol!). when i saw this top i decided it was worth it. i got the penguin print - my 2-year-old squealed when she saw me pull it out of the box! thanks, retailer, for your woodland-inspired prints that enamor my little one.  maeve tends to run big, so i went with the 00. in my opinion, it fits true to size. i probably would have liked it just a little bigger, maybe the 0 would have been bes
I love these so very much! by far my favorite addition to my wardrobe this summer. i find they are the first thing i grab because i feel wonderful in them. they fit perfect even with a large bust which i was afraid i would not be able to pull off....but very tastefully do. i highly recommend these and i plan to wear them into the fall with boots and long sleeve t-shirt. worth every penny. if your size is available grab them...you will be happy you did.
I had my eye on the skier blouse for awhile before i gave in to the purchase. love it for fit and graphics - those happy little skiers! i think many reviewers here don't realize this blouse has the cut of a swing style. it's not meant to be tailored for tucking in. if you want to tuck it you'll be wearing a high-waisted skirt or pant, cute also ;-) rayon fabric is a good choice for the style being heavier than cotton and having a better drape over the chest. the sloping longer hemline toward the
Such a cute top! i got the black with tiny car faces on it. absolutely adore it.
Beautiful bohemian maxi that feels like soft woven cotton/poly but it's unfortunately viscose. the print is as vibrant & detailed as expected from hemant & nandita. color contrast not as bright irl. body of dress flares out to an a-line after the arm holes and the hem is a shark bite to show off your footwear. there is no lining, but it doesn't seem see through. very relaxed fit that feels tts but if you prefer a slimmer cut and are of slender body habitus, size down. otherwise, if you are busty
I purchased the gray motif with the bright flower design. i have owned many blouses in my lifetime, but i must say this is one of the best fitting and most attractive of most any i have ever owned. it falls just right on my body and is smooth and luxurious with a silky feel. the cuffs fall on my wrists just perfectly. the color is just right for my fair skin and light hair. this was my first order from you and if this is any indication of the quality and fit i will receive i'll do a lot more ord
Super comfortable..great layering piece or by itself...got lots of compliments at work.
I love this shirt, very comfortable and has a nice drape. i originally bought the size i normally wear but found it to be a little tight across my chest, so i returned for the next size up.  very well made and not sheer so did not have to wear a tank underneath.
I'm so glad i tried this dress on to see how lovely it is. definitely a keeper!
I am in love with this top. it is so feminine and cute. i wear it with skinny jeans and tall boots and feel so pretty!! i got the cream color. i wish there were more solid colors. i usually wear a medium, which is what i ordered, and i love how it fits. i like flowy tops so it is perfect. please make solid colors!!!
What a wonderful find! yes, it runs big. .. and beautiful! love the quality, and design. very light and airy. this is great for me because i'm not short & i am busty & i love tunics. this item can be dressed up or played down with class. the lining is a perfect complement to the tunic as well and fits nice with the garment. i am usually to busy to write a review, but i felt obligated on this item. five stars!
Just got this shirt in the mail and i am absolutely in love! i paired it with jeans and brown boots and got so many compliments. the shirt is light and flowy. it very flattering for any body shape.
The dress runs big you should size down. i find the weight to be great for mild winter weather. the length was longer than i expected based on previous reviews.
Very cute top, just as pictured, nice soft material, color is bright and true to size. wore it to work today on casual friday and received many compliments. highly recommend!
I love this top and it's so pretty in person.  knew it would be full but was hoping it wouldn't be too big.  it's perfect and looks good with jeans.
Comfortable, cool-perfect summer tank. ordered  one for my daughter(small), had to get myself one too(medium)-both tts. great for errand runs, around house, lounging, sleeping. seems better made than more expensive tops ordered as of late. good job retailer
I love these pants and wear them all the time. i wish they hadn't been discontinued
I don't usually spend this much on a top but despite the high price, i really love the style. i like that it's made out of cotton and it can be worn down on the shoulders or left up. looks cute both ways. i ordered the xs which is usually my size. it fits perfectly. i imagine the s would have fit also. it hits just at the hips. i have a long torso so i would have liked it a bit longer, but it's not a deal breaker. my one splurge this summer.for reference 123 lbs, 5'5', 32 d.
Love the aqua print, which looks vaguely japanese to me. the quality is good, but unlike the other reviewer, i had to size up. my usual size x small was too tight. wish there were more colors.
Love this white jean jacket! love the stretchy fit.
I ordered the purple in size xl. the fit on me matches the model so i think it's true to size. i wouldn't say there's much purple to this print. i can't really find any. the areas where the blue/red overlap just look navy. the photos show how it really looks. it's a great mix of light brown, peach, white, red and different shades of blue. there will be variations because of pattern placement. i love this style--it's very comfortable.
This top is simply amazing! it's a statement top everyone should own! the green is so rich and full of life! and the floral pattern is just beautiful!! i got so many compliments on it and i felt like a million bucks! confident and trendy! love love looovvveee this top!
Got the green one
I love wearing this blouse with jeans and my cute sneakers. this blouse is frilly and flirty. it has three quarter sleeves that have one cute fabric covered buttons that match the button front closure. i am 5ft 1 inch, pear shaped, and my bust line is 36 c. i ordered an xs and small regular. i ended up with the small regular, and it fits nicely and i get loads of compliments when i wear it. it's made very well and the plaid pattern is random. i wear a cute boxy sweater over it when its chilly, a
I stumbled upon this as a return to our store. at first, i was a little put off by the change in stitching to add support and shape. but once you put it on, it's perfect. it's very flattering and very comfortable. there are snaps in the crotch, but i wore it for a full day (8+ hours) and had no discomfort. if there were more colors, i'd buy them all lol.
A lovely, soft material with a subtle aqua pattern. i'm very fussy about seams that fit my waist, and this one fit perfectly.
Classic tank with the perfect fit! soft aqua perfect for summer. fit is very true to size!
Loved this pilcro denim jacket. slight stretch, well-constructed white denim with yellow-gold stitching. it is short and very nice fitting-versatile! runs tts. i am 5'5" 142 lbs 34d and small fit perfectly. i really like it and am not put off at all with thread color. actually gives it some character. mine did have a pen mark on the back but as usual retailer's great customer service provided a solution.
I got the purple motif and loved the colors and the feel of the fabric. i am 5'6" and 107lbs., 32d. the small was too big and there were no xs or xxs.
I am 5'7" and 36a cup. i tried on the small and it fits perfectly. i can see how if i was bustier it could be a problem. it looks better in person, dressy enough for the office but comfortable fabric and nicely shaped. i love this with jeans and can't wait to wear it to work!
Fun, flowy top! maybe be a little snug across the top for larger chested girls but this flares out into a light and airy dream to wear!
I love this shirt! it was a great price and very high quality. it has different material stitched in the inside
This sweater is a nice addition to a fall or spring wardrobe. it must be layered as it is sheer. i read a review about snagging but i have not had this issue as of yet.
This bodysuit will be a staple for me this winter. i wear it own its own and under just about everything. i just ordered another one!
This dress is extremely comfortable and flattering. it has a forgiving a line shape to it for women like me who are pear shaped. the top of the dress is made of a heavy type of cotton material and the bottom tiers are made of a silky material that hangs beautifully! even the tie closure in the back of the dress adds a lovely touch to the dress. i would recommend wearing it with leggings ( as shown with the model) or black tights. the fit is true to size. i am 5'6" and the length is a liittle low
I purchased my normal size small. i loved the colors in the purple which are more blue and vibrant red to me. this top is a nice soft fabric. it will pair nice with denim jeans.
This shirt looked plain online, but when i see it in store, i thought it's so pretty! it is the over-sized style, when i tried it on, it's so flattering, even though it is over-sized but it doesn't make you look chunky at all! i got it while it was on sale with extra 25% off! i range from 2 to 6, xs, s for retailer sizes. i got a xs for this top.
Love this dress so much, i bought the checkered, and then had to go back for the black! it is so worth the price. i wear it with sandals in the warm weather, and a blazer with boots in the cooler weather. it is beautiful and so flattering.
This top looks even better in person! the green is a little brighter than the photo. this beautiful blouse is silk with a sold underlining. it is very full and has great flow and movement. super trendy with the open shoulders and a nice long sleeve for fall. it's really beautiful and perfect for any festive occasion!!
Quality of this dress is excellent! i ordered it in blue and the color looks exactly as it does online and the fit is exactly as it looks on the model. i am 5'4" , 120 lbs, with an athletic build and ordered a small.
So beautiful! i got the xs and it fits tts! it goes with everything! perfect weekend addition!
This top turned out to be better than expected! i'm a large girl and the length is enough to cover my hips and the shirt it not tight at all. the embroidery details are lovely too. i bought this for a trip to italy this summer because it is cotton and because i consider it to be a classic piece being that it is black and white. one nice feature is this top does not have to be worn off shoulder. it looks just great with the sleeves up.
I love the pattern and flowy design.  i also like the peach liner but i will use that on other outfits i own and replace it with a slip that has a designed hem.  this top is too long for me to wear as a top. so i will wear as a dress with the a longer slip.  i'm hoping that the sequins will remain intact for the most part as the construction of everything is too delicate.  bought the size s and i am 6'3" 140# 39-28-35.
Good job retailer for getting the color representation spot on! the blue is so vibrant and the cashmere knit is so soft and comfortable. the dress is oversized but a little too much so. i recommend sizing down to get that ideal slouchy drape, otherwise you may overwhelm your frame with too much fabric.
This is my third pair of ag primas - i love them! the higher rise is nice to keep smooth lines, they're made of such soft material that moves with you rather than restricts you, and the cut of the legs is skinny without being skin tight. absolutely my favorites jeans - retailer, sell more washes and i'll buy 'em!! :)
I bought this in black and the checkered pattern. love both. very floaty and feminine. fits true to size.
When i saw this online, i knew i'd have to order it fast--it's just gorgeous. i got it in the mail today and couldn't be happier! i'm usually xs in angel of the north sweaters and this was no exception- it fit great. colors are as pictured.
This top is so darling, the different textures are so elegant that you really don't even need to accessorize. it has a very flattering cut and a must for any figure.
A mango beauty that resonates the color of blossoms in bloom. comfortable, effortless, and charming. i wear a size small in retailer dresses and this one fit true to size for me. tried the xs since reviews mentioned it ran large, but too tight across my average chest. looks great with denim jacket and red suede strappy sandals. also worn with a belt to accentuate waist.
Amazingly soft, thin and super warm! this a classy staple with an amazing swing fit and worth every penny!
There's no doubt that this tee is sheer. i found that a nude bra is sufficient in overcoming the issue. the fit is true to size, with just enough room for drape without being too oversized. the beachy theme will be perfect come warm weather!
I like the top without the fake fur collar. when the collar is removed the neckline's shape is really nice. the collar seems cheap. i thought the sweater ran true to size. i'm 5'7" 115 lbs. a small was a good fit although higher armholes would have made the whole thing fit better through the rib cage. it was loose there, but necessary looseness for layering anything underneath.
Wonderful fabric, drapes nicely from waist= flattering, use for air travel as not too heavy in weght. beautiful charcoal grey goes with all colors. nice addition to tight, patterned pants & boots. dress up or casual
This will be a 3 season dress for me.. its well made, comfy and flattering . the suede skirt is risky i know .. but i'll be sure to put the napkin in my lap!
I ordered a size xl in the mango. the fit on me matches the model for the most part so i think it's true-to-size. it looks like it's intended to have a loose, flowier fit throughout the dress. the only confusing part to me is the model is listed as being 5' 9" and i'm under 5' 6" yet the length is the same. it fits me at knee-length too. i thought it would hit a little longer based on the model's info for the photos and getting the regular sizing. the one thing i wish was different is to have it
I get a lot of compliments on this dress, it's bright and cheerful for sure! it runs maybe a bit large but is a great summer dress!
This skirt is absolutely beautiful. the design and organza are so feminine, and i love the length. it flows beautifully and it isn't stiff or anything, but it does hold its shape well. i ordered it through the store, and the wrinkles came out easily after it hung for several days. i think it would be easy to snag the material, so i will be really careful when i'm wearing it. the zipper is a little hard to pull all the way to the top of the skirt, and i worry a little about the hook and eye closu
Love this dress!! the vibrant color and lace details are just beautiful. can be dressed up or down. the only concern i have is that the straps are thin and delicate, but i'll just have to be careful when hanging it up.
This yellow/mango color is so beautiful in person. i actually don't have the best skin tone for shades of yellow, but i couldn't resist trying this one on & it turned out to be perfect! the silhouette is very feminine, especially around the neckline & shoulders. there is a lot of fabric, but i actually appreciate that the dress is substantive. finally, the nicest thing is that the dress can easily be dressed up or dressed down depending on how you accessorize it. looking forward to summer!
I love this sweater coat;! it's so nice and fits well. would look great with jeans or a skirt. the collar is adorable! have already worn it and received compliments! i love retailer :)!!
I found this to fit really well and i've got a chest, and the hourglass to go with it. the stretch really helps it to be comfortable too. i reckon it's pretty versatile too.
This sweater is much more beautiful in person. the quality is very good and the fur is nice too!! i am 5'8 inches and 155 lbs and the medium fit me perfect.
This sweater is very nicely made...i got a lot of compliments the first time i wore it. it's a light sweater and looks great with jeans! love it
This sweater is lovely! i have worn it every other day since i got it. it is soft and warm and elevates everything that you wear it with. i have gotten compliments every time i've worn it. my daughter, who rarely likes the style of clothes i wear, said i looked like a winter princess in this! it is so flattering and comfortable---a winning combination!
Comfortable but if you put in the dryer, even on low it will shrink a little so beware
This is a unique color, and a lovely dress. i have the yellow, and i didn't find that it ran large. it definitely has a loose, flowing fit, and you can wear with or without a belt for different looks. the pleated fabric near the waist does fit differently than the other fabrics, but i don't think it looks odd. you have several pictures of people wearing them, and you can see that it looks amazing on everyone!
I just received this in the mail today and haven't taken it off since! i feel like i should be in a romantic movie with a cute black dress under it. can definitely see myself getting a lot of use out of it. can not wait to wear it for the holidays!
Great dress that can be dressed up for work day or even dressed down for a nice weekend day. i have it in black but thinking of buying in the yellow/orange color too.
Beautiful and classy- i love this! i'm 5'8"/125lbs/34b and my usual xs works great (could probably also have worn a s). i was a little worried it'd be scratchy and/or too structured, but it's soft and flattering. photos are accurate. would definitely recommend!
I'll admit that i often believe you pay for the design aesthetics at retailer, but not necessarily the quality. however, this dress happily has both! the fabrication and lacework on this dress are beautifully made and the price tag fits. i do think the sizing is off; i'm 5'5", 137, 34b and the medium (my usual size) was huge, small was still gaping under the arms, and xs fit perfectly. i haven't worn an xs in anything since middle school, ha! the banding at the bust does make it tight, so i can we
I recently purchased this dress in the yellow, which is not advertised online, but glad i saw at the store because the color is vibrant but not too loud and really compliments my olive skin. the dress ran a little on the larger side so i had to size down. also, you will have to either wear a strapless bra or go without because you cant hide bra straps as this is more of a halter look. i'm 5'9" and the length was perfect for me, will be able to wear with heels or flats.
This is a go with everything throw on sweater coat that is very soft and flattering on. the fit is true to size for a swing coat. being a heather black helps with the no show of lint. i will wear this no doubt for years to come. thanks retailer.!!!
I wanted this dress in yellow from the moment i first saw it on instagram. i waited for it to be available online and once it was i ordered it. i am usually a size medium but sized down to a small petitie (5'5") -- and the fit is off. i am a 34b so its too roomy in the chest. because i love everything else about this dress i am going to re-order in an xs petite but that will be two sizes down for me. not sure if it will fit. length was good. looks great with a dark denim jacket . the dress is li
This skirt is a must have!! it is very classy, and the pockets are perfect for holding lipstick for a little refresher throughout the night. it is high quality and definitely worth the price. i paired this skirt with a more casual black top and some pearls for a fancy banquet dinner, and got a lot of compliments. comfortable and classy.
This is such a pretty dress. it will look beautiful in the summer with a tan and lace up sandals for a very effortless look. fits very fitted in the top and loose throughout yet still slimming. i am petite 5'2 about 105 pounds and for reference i went with the xxsp. it looks expensive and well made and the yellow color is stunning and cheery. the yellow will look beautiful on darker skin tones as well as lighter skin tones who have a warm undertone. if you are on the fence order it and you won't
I'm 5'4 with an hourglass shape. i love this dress. it drapes nicely, the material won't be hot for summer and the color is perfect for my olive complexion.
Don't detach the collar unless you like getting frustrated. i made the mistake of taking it off just to see what it looks like without it (cute) but reattaching was the biggest pain! i have pretty nimble fingers but stretching the little loops around the little buttons tested my patience to the limit. so other than that--buy this sweater if you get a chance. it's stylish, flattering, soft, versatile, etc, etc...
I have a gala to go to wear i am a board member. i had been eyeing this dress online and tried it in store! lurve! i got the black one which is a black lace over a sheer cotton nude, i also got the regular when i am petite as it hit longer for a black tie event. i have a large bust at 5'2" size d, but small and short torso and the large just hugged the girls just right. i love the it can be worn fancy with block heels to a gala or wit ha jean jacket or espradilles for a casual summer night. this
This sweater coat is so cute!! i agree with the other reviews it does run a little big. i always wear s tops from retailer....was a little hesitant to order this in a s since i would be wearing it over things....so glad i did the small is perfect so i would say it runs a little large. i do think it is is a little over priced but i did get it at 20% off and it was a treat for myself!
This dress is gorgeous on the hanger and even more gorgeous on. definitely runs big though, so sizing down is probably best.
As stated in my review title, they're amazing! they're incredibly well made, have just the right amount of stretch, and are so flattering. i think the boot cut makes them look like pants rather than leggings. they can definitively be worn to work, or at least where i work, where the dress code is business casual. my only issue is the length, which being at 5'3 isn't surprising. they're about 3 inches too long. i'm a size 8-10 and got the large. i couldn't recommend these enough
I don't understand the negative review on this sweater. it is nothing short of stunning. the quality and design are absolutely beautiful! and i love the lined pockets! i can honestly say i don't think i'll ever part with it - this is a sweater you hang onto forever. i will say it runs a bit large. i ordered the xs/sm and if i didn't know better i would think its m/l. either way if you can you get your hands on one in store or a return online, do it! it is worth every penny, especially for the s
Ignore the nutty negative review because this sweater is beautiful and really looks like a hand knit sweater. the quality is excellent, with two side pockets that are lined. it's really soft and so comfy and thick. just perfect for my southern ca evenings all year long.  so comfy you can wear it as a robe! looks just like the photo; i got the m/l and it fits like an extra large, which i like in a bulky cardi. super gorgeous! what a steal at the sale price.
Retailer has great designs but sometimes they use cheap fabrics and are not quality made. this top is quality made and super soft. its a little thicker than a normal cotton t-shirt but thinner than a sweatshirt. i normally wear medium (34dd, 135-140 lbs, 5'4") and this was tts. i got the blue and its a little bit darker in person. one big plus imo is that you can put it in washer and dryer, no need to line dry! i am going to buy the natural colored stripes one too. also, i bought the normal size.
I love the great variety of fabrics and textures used in these joggers - you will also!
Love these pants, i am 5'2 and these fit in length nicely!
I have a couple of pair of hei hei pants from last summer that i love and was so happy to see these. i am curvy (5'8" size 8) and got these in a 30 and they fit perfectly in the hips and no gap at the waist. i love them so much that i bought a second pair. the only thing that could make them better is if they had a bit of stretch.
I went to the store to buy the transcend verdugo ankle in blue. however,i left with it in blue and black. the black is perfect. absolutely amazing fabric that shapes your behind, and no ones is more imperfect than mine. i cant say enough about these except paige rocks! i'm a fan!!
This is a simplistic beauty. the colors are lovely and as pictured. i believe it is tts but if your small busted you could probably go down a size. i personally stayed with my small and i lke the flow of it. the flannel has a nice weight to it so you can wear this fall, winter and early spring if you live in a cooler climate.
This top is great and perfect for fall/winter. i've gotten a lot of wear out of this so far...great with jeans and sneakers for a casual look, or dress it up with black jeans and boots. great layering piece as well. the fabric is soft and comfortable. the fit is nice and relaxed, but tailored on the sides to give you some shape. the colors are beautiful.great buy, i highly recommend!
I was not going to purchase this jacket thinking it was too pricely but i am glad that i did. true to size and made with great craftsmanship. it looks very delicate but made strong. very pretty .... true too picture. it works out perfect for after yoga!
This is a beautiful and versatile skirt. i love the layered detail, length, and flattering cut.   the fabric is a 80% cotton/20% linen blend. it's a thick weave with tiny nubs here and there. the skirt was made in turkey.  i usually wear a size 4 in retailer skirts, but i sized down to a 2 in this skirt. the size 2 fit at my natural waist and looked as pictured on the model, whereas the 4 looked bulkier on me,
Beautiful dress! it looks fresh, feminine and the quality of the fabric is very nice.
I bought this in my usual size small (i'm a 4-6, 27" waist, 32b), and it fits perfectly. it's a little loose and boxy but still structured and cute (it fits me like the model). i don't find it itchy at all, and the embroidery is just gorgeous. this is perfect for transitioning from summer to fall!
Picked this up end of season sale, but i go to florida a lot so i will still be able to use it. it runs a bit large. i'm usually between a s and m at retailer and i'm a bit heavy right now but the small fit loose and comfortably. i would recommend sizing down if you are between sizes. not itchy but i would wear a cami underneath because it is white and could start to itch after a while i suppose. it's definitely not a soft flowy t. mix of t-shirt material and linen. the main part of the t is cotto
Wanted to buy this dress, but the bust area was way too small. as i went up sizes, the torso began to be too long, and i would have to have it altered, i guess. what a shame. but, if you are small chested, then this is your dress.
This cropped trouser is very high quality and perfect for summer. i ordered my usual size petite 4 (i am 5'2" 115 lb) and i felt a little tight but since other previous reviews said they do stretch after wearing it, i decided to keep it. i hope they stretch out a little bit more. overall, i am very happy with my purchase.
I love the oversized look of this jacket--my building is kept freezing cold so while at work i am constantly fiddling with cardigans and scarves and a space heater to try to keep from freezing while working and i thought this jacket would be a great jacket that basically functions as a blanket while still looking professional. (my boyfriend doesn't quite get the 3/4-length sleeves but that definitely keeps the look of this jacket polished--if they were longer i think it would be too much just li
The cut is on the boxy side and i'm not sold on the tiered effect, but i love the silk fabric and the print so much that i just don't care. the silk is deliciously light and breathable, and the print is neutral enough that i can pair it with several different cardigans and necklaces to mix it up. and the quality of construction is excellent--all of the seams were expertly sewn and pressed, and the print was lined up like in the online picture. given the material and construction quality, it's de
Well made dress. cute pleats - though a few didn't lie perfectly flat. it was a little too long for me (i'm 5'1) especially in the torso/straps area. also the armholes were a little large. fits tts
I love this top, on me, it looks so flattering, the tie detail is really nice, and i love the white subtle details at the bottom and collar. i actually haven't seen the sleeves unrolled on me, i roll them up. the tie part is a little wrinkled from shipment, but who cares. i ordered the regular 0 as the petite have been sold out a longtime ago, i actually got this shirt a while back and thought i had already written a review... i am wearing it with boyfriend jeans right now (for casual friday and
I live year round in warm weather and found these pants to be a great addition to my wardrobe. flattering and comfortable, the cropped look is a nice alternative to shorts. i'm 5.7 curvy but athletic.143lbs i usually wear an 8 or 10 in retailer but took the 10. i prefer my pants a little less fitted.
This shirt totally exceeded my expectations -- the detail and colors are wonderful, and the shirt itself is quite comfortable. the shirt is a bit boxy, but there is enough structure and detail so that it looks quite flattering on. plus, it looks great with jeans or with a skirt -- it is very easy to style!
I was looking for a basic black one piece suit that sucked in the tummy, but with style and a little flair. this is it! the ruching is perfect, the material is great and the separation of the straps at the top give it more style. i am usually a size 6, but ordered an 8 because i have a 34d chest. i was right on. the 8 covers the top with a small amount of cleavage and the bottom still fits because the ruching is a little tighter in the waist. i plan to wear this to the local pools this summer an
I have had this dress in the shopping basket on my retailer app and was dying to try it on in the store. luckily, newbury street in boston had it so i stopped by yesterday. the dress is everything i hoped and even better! the cut could not be more flattering. to get the nice, classic fit in the front, i stayed true to my usual size (4) but worried the buttons would be straining like another reviewer said. as soon as the bow in the front is tied, it keeps everything together and is very comf
I love this dress. it is super cute and comfy. i am 5'7 and a size small, 4 and 36c and i got this dress in a 4 and it fits great. a 2 might be a little more fitted on my waist but the 4 is comfortable and looks great. the length is perfect, not too short at all.
This top is cute, light and summery. ordered a small...is a little short/boxy but otherwise fits true to size. great summer/warm weather top!
Just too much cuteness! the print is amazing, the bow is darling, and the crisp structure keeps it from being too precious. looks amazing on my hourglass shape! runs a bit small--had to size up a bit and felt more comfortable once i put a piece of fashion tape in a spot that gapped a little. definitely worth the splurge!
Great with a tank top underneath and jeans. i also wore with a delicate gold necklace. charming!
Love the pattern and material (not thick) for spring and summer.  like the fit and style. i'm 5'2", 115#. i've purchased regular (not petite) front and side zip (with internal button) charlie trousers earlier this year and last year.  got a size 4 (i vary between size 2 and 4) in the front zip trousers and they stretched out and got a little loose after fitting perfectly.  so i got the side zip in size 2.  those were tighter initially and stretched out but are still snug.  with this particular p
I have this shirt in more than one color! i totally disagree with the first review i find this shirt to be super comfy and unique! i personally feel the material isn't scratchy at all! also, i love this designer they are one of my new favorites!
I love this top. it was cool on a summers day. i did get one of the strings of the design snagged but it worked out just fine, not ruined at all.
I waited in anticipation for the turquoise version to appear online. turquoise and red can be found on another product page with the same name.   size: i'm between small and xs for most retailer brands. i wanted this top to be a bit more fitted, so i ordered an xs. i'm 5' 5" tall, 135 lbs, 35-29-36, 34d, with long torso and narrow shoulders.  fit: xs is spot on for me. i don't really mind the shorter length. it didn't appear to be too boxy. i layered a white shapewear tank underneath to help w
I have this top with the red stitching and it is one of my most favorite items from retailer ever. i wear it with a tank top underneath so i haven't noticed any itchiness like the other reviewer mentioned.  i wear it with slightly cropped slim boyfriend jeans and i get so many compliments every time i wear it. i wish i had it in the blue color too!
I started stalking this dress when i saw it on a store's instagram feed, and i was so thrilled to get it in the mail. however, i ordered it before reviews started popping up, and i was concerned it would not fit in the bust. however, when it arrived, the fit is perfect. it's not exactly loose in the bust, but there also isn't any pilling. the high-waisted nature was also suited to my shape. i'm usually between a 4 and a 6, and the 6 was great in this dress, and a perfectly joyful length--appropr
When i first saw this too online i thought it was beautiful. i was right. when jt came in the mail, i really loved how the embroidery was intricate and detailed. the colors also popped making it a great shirt for spring, summer, or early fall.
Love love love. fits great. super comfortable and looks both casual and dressy at the same time. i could wear this every single day.
I really like this shirt, and have gotten plenty of compliments the first time i've worn it.
This coat is wonderful! i am usually an xs-s in retailer and i got the xs. it is supposed to be a bit large. goes with everything and great quality.
I was hesitant to buy but this tee is easy, light, and fun to wear.  the fabric is light but not see through in the slightest.  the construction is perfect.  it is tts for an oversized tee.
Cute and great fitting pant. love the pattern and it fit tts for the brand. i normally wear a 10/12 and i took at 12. flattering.
As others mentioned, the arm holes are a bit large- but i didn't find this too much of a problem. possibly that's because as a smaller chested woman i run into that issue regularly. i'm 5' 4" 130 and the size 8 fit perfectly. the length is at the top of knee.
Love this shirt! looks perfect with a pair of jeans! makes the outfit with out any effort!!!!
Like the previous reviewer, my size 10p gaped and strained the buttons at my chest (36dd wide rib cage 5'3" 140#). also the skirt flared out too high on my waist. i'm going to try a regular 10 with hope the torso will fit better. other than the fit on my particular body and the one distracting chest pocket, this shirt dress is very well made, very cute
I wanted to give this top some love. i ordered this top and the kota peasant top with plans to only keep one of them. this top is definitely the winner. the neckline, sleeves, pattern, fabric, and length are gorgeous and flattering. it is very feminine and elegant and i think it will also be versatile....it could be very dressy (depending on what you wear it with) but it will also look great with jeans and shorts and sandals. it is a bit sheer so a tank or cami might be needed underneath. i orde
This is a true retailer dress, cute and quirky. kudos for the built-in liner (with scalloped hem, very pretty) and pockets. i like the colorful yet subtle embroidered ice cream sticks on the dress, and the white background makes the colors and details really pop (pun intended!). i echo the previous reviewers that the bust is very small. i usually wear size 4 regular in this brand (i?m 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips. i?m 5?2?, and the bottom hem falls right at the upper knees). but when i tried on size 6,
This is a fun and classic dress. the dress is well made, as others said, it doesn't have much "give".  i am a 36c, 29", 39"- and the size 8 fit perfectly. i didn't experience any gapping between the buttons. it is a nice fun summer time dress! it is also very flattering!
Great shirt, the material is lightweight without being see through. i didn't find the cut to be all that flattering, but it was a cute enough style and comfortable enough that i wanted to keep it. definitely see it becoming a staple in my closet.
I love this top. it's very comfortable looks great and the quality is very good. i've had many compliments on it.
I saw this dress in the store and was drawn to the pattern as an alternative to my normal lbd. it looked okay on the hanger, but when i tried it on...wow! so pretty and chic. it actually hangs a little lower in the front on me than on the model pictured which adds to the chicness and makes it a sophisticated take on a kimono. (my husband's words) i wore it out that evening to dinner and received several compliments. i did not have any issues with fit. i am a size 6 and purchased a size 6. it fit
It's too hot here in ca to wear this yet but i can't wait for cooler weather. i tried it on with skinny jeans and it's darling. love how it's much shorter in front with the side splits and long back to cover the bum. perfect for leggings. nice slim, but not tight fit.
I am a big fan of maeve tops. i love the beading and structure of this top. despite the fullness of the design, the fit is flattering
I am a curvy girl with boobs! this dress was perfect. it hugged in all the right places and had room for my bust! i did go up a size...however, i normally have to do that anyway for the top to fit.  this dress is funky, and i look forward to wearing it with tights and boots in the winter, very comfortable. it has pockets!!!
I love that this tee is so soft and is not boring! when i originally took it out of the bag, my teenage daughter did not like it. then i tried it on and she was wowed! the longer length in the back makes it very interesting. i am looking forward to wearing this with jeans.
Saw this one online and when it came it did not disappoint. i ordered a xxs in black, and it was perfect. i am 5'3" and 110 lbs. it definitely has a lot of volume to it, but i still found it flattering because the shirt is very sheer, so you can "see" through it to your thinner figure underneath. it comes with a comfortable but fitted camisole to wear under it, which makes it flattering. another reviewer mentioned the beading turning. i have not seen that on mine, but now i will be looking for i
I love this item! . they hang & flow beautifully like the weightlessness of a silk skirt. the front peek-a-boo cut outs really make them a delight to wear & show off some skin! somewhat transparent,i topped it off with a lightweight tunic length for modesty... but the placement of the painterly design really works in my favor so i could wear them with something shorter if i choose to. (like the model) heads turned as i walked by!
I bought this in black and i can already tell this is going to be a staple this fall and winter. the unusual hem and extra long sleeves are really flattering.
I am a lover of jackets and coats; this is my new fave!  great color, versatile (i.e. work, weekend). fun accent piece to shield yourself from a brisk wind, while maintaining full fashion status.  my first day wearing and i've rec'd many compliments. love the combo of trench coat and poncho. my one issue...i wish the sleeve strap actually buckled, it keeps slipping out of the faux buckle and i'm afraid i'm going to lose it. i usually wear a medium/size 10, but medium was sold out, so i ordered
I love the weight of this shirt and the open scoop neck. really flattering ...i wear tanks under my shirts anyway but it is see through. the weight is nice even in heat, and i expect it to be so nice layering in the winter. the cut at the hem is great..... very flattering and does not seem to cling.  i bought a white one, now i have repurchased another white (xs) and a black one. while i was vacillating, theblack xs sold out so i got a small and will cross my fingers that its not too big.
I absolutely love this top, i purchase this brand frequently because the designs are simple, yet unique and cool. i'm 5'7" 170 lb.s curvy/athletic and i got this in a medium, it fits perfectly and looks really great on! i love the asymmetric cut and raw hem... wish it came in more colors!
I tried the xs in store and waistband is very stretchy and the material is lightweight (feels delicate) and to the floor. fell in love with the watercolor print. this would be great as a quick cover up over a bikini. beware- if you plan on wearing this anywhere besides by the beach, make sure to rock your nude undies because the cream color is super see-thru, which is my least favorite part of this piece. i couldn't get to the petites sizes before they all sold out, so i'm crossing my fingers th
First of all, this dress is not cotton. it is 100% silk. it also not a pullover dress (it has a side zipper) and does not have an elastic waist like the description says. lastly, it is not by moulinette souers. i've really never seen a description so far off on one of the items pictured. nevertheless, it is a gorgeous dress. the silk is beautiful and can easily be worn for fall with a sweater or jacket. the waist is a little poofy and the chest is a bit snug. however, i was able to go down a siz
This shirt fits great. it is a fun look. i wore it wear a pair of leggings and sneakers for a casual day look. it goes down to my knees in the back and the front is asymmetric. so cute. i think i will get a lot of use out of this going forward.
This shirt fits true to size. i love the cut of the shirt which adds some edge to a basic tee. i know i will wear this all the time throughout the fall and winter months. perfect to wear as is or layer with cardigans, jackets and scarves in cooler weather.
Very pretty and comfortable. it was not obvious at my store that this was to go with swim suits. it was located next to regular pants, but once i tried it on - i realized it was somewhat see through. i still got it as its very lovely. i'm going on a beach vacation, so i know i'll use it over bathing suits. honestly i may use it with nude underwear or long shirts anyway, since its so different and pretty. i bought a large as i'm a 10-12 and its still pretty loose.
This dress is gorgeous. it is somewhat fitted but i didn't find it to run small. i am top heavy 36d and usually wear a size 10, but i bought this in an 8 and it fits me great. i will say the zipper is a bit tricky. at first i thought the dress was too tight but it turned out the zipper was stuck. after fiddling with it, i realized the dress fit but the zipper was a bit tricky. i wore it to work and got so many compliments. also the picture makes the background look burgundy but it is mostly blac
I absolutely love this top!! i bought the ivory color, and i am definitely considering buying the black as well! it feels true to size, but i did size up only because i like my tops to fit a little generous and flowy. i can't wait to wear this top all season long!
Finally, a white top that does not show every nook and cranny. this is a great fabric. many times white shirts are see thru and i won't buy them. this top is lightweight but has enough substance to cover everything. the online picture does not do it justice. it can be worn with anything and is made very well. this one's a keeper for your closet and will be worn over and over all summer long.
What a dress! the print, the feel of the fabric, and the overall fit of this dress, it definitely has the wow factor! i plan on wearing this dress to the kentucky oaks this year. i typically wear a 6 and sometimes a 4 in retailer dresses. i'm 5'6'' 130 lbs 32dd and took a 6 in this. i could probably even try the 8. it fit a bit tight in the bodice for me but i'm not sure if it warranted a size up. it is pricey but i see this being a closet staple and one of my favorite maxi's yet.
I love the print on these pants. they are beautifully flowy and flattering. the only downside is that they are see through so i'm going to take them to tailor to have a lining put in up to the knee so i can wear them to places other than the beach. i bought them on sale today in the store and bought a size small.
Love this dress. fits true to size!! can be dressed up or down. very flattering1 prettier in person
The jeans are flatering and stylish. they are slightly distressed but will go with anything. the fit is like other pilcro stet pants i've purchased and loved.
Have not worn them yet, but they are so soft and pretty. seems like a good item to travel with.
Very flattering tee. nice details & quality. my first time purchasing this brand, but will look for similar items from them.
I reallllly love this sweater! i could wear it every day if i could. the sweater is comfortable, lightweight (but not see through) and versatile.
I can't rate this with enough stars or numbers! great fit, can't see up the sleeve, perfect length, just right amount of fabric for draping. i am 5'3" and 130lbs. fits like a dream and when i got it home from the store....it goes with all things in the closet!!! my one reservation is it only comes in one color. let's get on it designers! we need a lipstick red for summer and coral and navy and black and white. i don't need any other top! this one has great cool fabric and you don't need to wear
I'm wearing this shirt right now. i'm usually a large in tops. i bought a medium and i'm kinda wishing i got a small instead. it's very swingy. its super cute but size down at least one size maybe two
This is a perfect top for warm weather. and depending on the accessories you pair it with, it can be great to wear while running errands or for a casual date. the woven texture at the back is unique and gives it the retailer vibe we all know and love. definitely runs big but that's part of the charm of the top.
I picked this top hoping that it would go with the dipped horizon skirt and the color was a perfect match! i love the irregularities in the dye, and the woven back. the cut is boxy, but the fabric is soft and drapes well so very flattering. looks great with white jeans
I generally wear a small or medium in tops, and decided to get the medium/large. it's over-sized, but it lays very nicely and doesn't look "frumpy". the back of the shirt is exactly as it looks in the picture. the front of the shirt is more of a solid blue than is shown, but still lovely.
I just got this in xs/s at my store and i love it. i have a petite frame (5'3", +/- 105 lbs) so it's much longer on me than on the models. and the one i got is much more saturated with dye on the front than what's shown in retailer's pics, so that may vary a bit. however, the back of mine looks exactly like what's shown above. i love the drape and the way it falls on me; super casual-chic in my opinion. i'd say the color is deep teal. wish it wasn't hand wash, but sometimes that's worth it.
This is the ideal easy-breezy sweater to throw over leggings when you just feel like being comfy, cozy, but still stylish. i love it.
Comfy, casual, and stylish! i received many compliments on this shirt. it drapes across your body very nicely and does not cling. it has a great asymmetrical cut that is very flattering. the material is comfortable and the color is warm and summer-like.
I love this top. it comes with its own camisole. the embroidery is lovely and the fit is perfect.
Love love love this shirt!  great quality .. washes / dries wonderfully!  it is loose and flowy .. it's supposed to be that way - but it lays nicely!  it's longer than pictured which i love - i'm sure i'm shorter than the model but it's truly a perfect shirt! goes great with my jean skirt.. jeans, shorts and dressier skirts.  if you get a chance to order .. don't hesitate!  :)
Grabbed this top because i loved the color and to my surprise i loved the style too! it is longer on me than the model (and i'm 5'10") and it looks great with a long pendant necklace and white skinny jeans. i also wear a white tank underneath just in case, otherwise i think i'd be showing some skin. i like that the front and back are two different materials.
This tank is perfect for summer since it pairs so nicely with shorts! jeans work well, too, and during cooler seasons, i can wear a cardigan over it to stay warm.  the fit of this top is not true to size, for it runs large, but is flattering on the body nonetheless. the stripes and miniature circular openings, i noticed, add beautiful detail for formal or informal events.  as a whole, this shirt is perfect! the one aspect of this top that may need to be carefully attended to is the material
I bought the m/l (5'4",130lb) and love the way it hangs and the length, and the fact that it can be worn over a lightweight top. the color and feel of the fabric are very nice.
Love this. the stripes are cute and simple, but even better is the texture of the fabric (do a close up on the photo if you can). it's a swing tank, so there is a lot of fabric, but styled the right way and this is dreamy :) i passed on it only because i like my tops much longer than usual and this one wasn't quite long enough for me. i tried true to size and had it been longer i would have went with it - but smaller ladies might want to down size a size or two :)
Oh how i love this bra!! its so comfortable and very flattering. i find that many bralettes totally flatten me out but this one does not. and the floral lace here is just beautiful. the daisy-type flowers look so cute and feminine! i've got it in so many colors now. for sizing, i'm 34b and the s/m fits great.
I received this top over the weekend and i absolutely love it! it does not smell, nor does it itch, as the other reviewer stated... at least not for me. i was worried about the green color, but it's quite lovely. this is a keeper for me! i am 5'1", but ordered the regular xs, and i am happy with the length.
What a great shirt. however, none of the ones i saw in store are colored like the picture. the front of them are all a deep blue color, no tie-dyed effect or whatever you're seeing on the online pics. the shirt runs large. i am an 8/10 38c and the smaller size was plenty big. i can't imagine how the larger size would have looked! i think this top will go with many things, including as a cover up over dresses.
I took a leap and ordered this top in both colors. my style is bohemian and flowy so i knew this fit the bill. i purposely bought these blouses because i read the reviews and being a 16/36h, i knew i needed then to run on the larger side. i love both colorways equally, but that said, the blue and yellow pattern runs a whole size smaller than the brown patterned blouse. the fit and fabric even feel different! the blue and yellow is thicker and less flowy and fits exactly to my body instead of bei
I have loved ag stevie ankle denim for awhile now and have never been disappointed with the fit or quality. this pair is no exception to that. i am 5'5" and about 113, slender with athletic thighs and the 26 fit great. buying them on-line, i wasn't able to check how distressed the denim was. the pair i received in the mail was indeed slightly different in the distressed locations from the on-line image. mine had no distressing on the upper thigh and one medium and one small spot on each leg. onl
I love this top. the color and the embroidery are beautiful and unique. i love the soft cotton arms and back. wish there were more colors.
Very attractive and well fitting. absolutely recommend it.
I didn't expect the fit to be as cute, i am not sure i like how the model is wearing this top, but untucked, or more tucked both look more falttering on. the color is more vibrant in person, still light turquoise, but richer. i don't think i nbeed petite in this as it is blousy, but not oversized or boxy.
I got this in an xs as the s sold out before i could purchase. i can still zip it at 27.5/28" but would be more comfortable at say 26". i'm almost 5'5" and with 3" heels it skims the floor perfectly. i'm so obsessed with the weight and texture! it is full and fabulous! i'll just need to slim down a tad so i can be comfortable at my sister-in-laws wedding next month.  i wore a very fitted tank and it works perfectly! photographs well and feels very red carpet worthy.
This is a great cardigan to wear buttoned or open. the fit is perfect; it is fitted and looks great with jeans, skirts or over a sleeveless dress. love the little detail of lace to show skin. fabric has lycra so it hugs your bodice just enough!! love it.
This is a cross between a sweater and a sweatshirt. not a heavy weight but very warm. the color is vibrant. many compliments.
Bought this top for date night -- something a little special. it's that and also very comfortable. i have broad shoulders and this style accommodates. easy to dress up or down -- perfect!
I love this dress so much...what an excellent purchase! i wear this with white leggins and love the look. this dress has a sheath underneath the flower pattern that is form fitting, which i think is way sexy from the back. the front part of the dress is very flowy and moves nicely. i love the high neck on this piece and the beautiful colors. a wonderful pick up from retailer.
This is a great pair of trousers for work but can also be dressed down. they are very flattering and runs true to size. they're also a bit highwaisted which i love. my only complaint is that they are unlined. i'm not sure why a nice pair of wool trousers would be unlined. however i'm still giving them 5 stars because the fit and quality outweigh the one con.
I love this top! i originally bought the brown/purple pattern and wore it all the time so when i saw the blue and yellow on sale i had to get it. the fabric is really soft and breezy - perfect for the spring to summer weather. the sleeves are a little long on me but doesn't bother me. it runs a little large but works with my style. i would have sized down but it wouldn't have fit in the bust (i'm a 36d). i definitely recommend this top!
This shirt is more stunning in person. the color is a brighter turquoise than shown & the details are beautiful. fits true to size & is very flattering/slimming. love it!
This swimsuit is so beautiful and fits wonderfully and is very flattering. comfortable fit as well. love it!
I have quite a few of these tiny henleys because they are unique and comfortable. the color and details of this one are beautiful. if you are a fan of these too, you won't be disappointed with this one.
This too is easy to wear, skins the body nicely & the color is very pretty. some of the retailer tops have issues for me because i find the necklines too low. not this one. the placket lays flat & doesn't expose excessive cleavage. the details on the blouse are pretty & subtle. the top washed well in the delicate cute. just hang it to dry and it looks great!
Bought this for my daughter in law's birthday. it's just a beautiful, feminine design, well made, nice fabric.. she can wear this for work or for lunch or an evening out. very versatile.
This is a pretty blouse but everything else you wear with it needs to be sharp because it can be dowdy otherwise.
Love this blouse and stunning color. the ruffles make it special and different!
These are such a great fall staple. the silver color is the perfect grey-olive, and the texture is perfect. doesn't feel like there is extra material like most cords, and they hold their shape throughout the day. the fit is just perfect, i can finally order pants online that i know will fit just perfectly.
These corodorys are considered mid waist but i interpret them as the perfect height for the low waist or regular rise. other than that, they are beautiful so comfortable not stretchey yet not constricting. i'm 5'6" 107lb got a size 25 and i need a belt in the waist but the butt and legs are perfect and the waist isn't too big just not constricting. i always get urban outfitter corodorys but this year their quality is bad and these made of up it 100% plus the length is perfect
I ordered the dusty pink color and love it. works well with many colors and tops. i am 5' 6" and 121 lbs. with an athletic lean body. i do have a butt however and a small waist. i vary between a 26 and 27. ordered both because i could see this was a very slim pant. i could barely get the 26 up over my hips. the 27 fits like a glove, with just the right amount of stretch. i can't see these pants bagging after wear, which is something we all hate. love these pants and i know i will wear them often
This is probably the softest, most flattering hoodie that i have ever worn. i can dress it up or down and it has drapes really beautifully. great for spring & summer, love it as a coverall at the beach. my partner rarely compliments my clothes and actually told me how much he liked the way it looked on me. highly recommend.
These are flattering and the colors are really nice. they're a bit tighter than other pilcro pants i've tried, but the material is stretchy.
I love this dress! high quality dress in a classic style. the cotton eyelet detailing is my favorite part and really elevates this from just another black dress. it is a swing silhouette (as described in the product description) so there is a little more volume than a regular dress, but that's what makes it fun and breezy! great dress, can't wait to wear it when it gets a little warmer.
Love these.  i bought the grey which is a grey/taupe/light olive chameleon.  totally depends upon what i wear with them.  the rolled up cuff is adorable and the material is perfect.  the fit is true to size - tight but not restrictive.  comfy all day long.   and best of all, they don't stretch out over the day.   i'm 5'10, a size 6 normally and a size 28 fit me perfectly.
I just received the pink in the mail. i am 5' 5" and around 140. i ordered the size 29, they fit perfectly. they are a very straight leg with a snug fit. you can adjust the cuff to whatever length you need or unroll them completely. the fabric is of beautiful quality. i basically never wear corduroy because it can add pounds. not so with this pair of pants. i am thinking about another color!!
Just picked this up at the store 40% off sale price, well worth it! the petite hits perfect on my 5'3" frame, right about where it hits the model in the pic. very well made good quality piece i can see myself wearing quite often.
I bought these cords in navy. the color is beautiful and the fit is great. it is a very slimming fit. i am usually between a 27 and 28, i ordered the 28 and they fit perfectly!
This dress is a zillion times cuter in real life. it's very retro-swingy and girlish- it reminds me of something mia farrow would've worn in her rosemary's baby era. i have the black version and i've paired mine with tall black gladiator sandals for a more sultry nighttime look and also flip flops for beachy summer days. i think it's a total steal at the sale price.
I really love this rose-pink color. the pants fit like a glove. the cuff is not sewn up, so you can lower the cuff to where you like it.
These pants are a really pretty color and feel nice on. the fit was great and did not really shrink with washing. i received a lot of compliments the first time i wore them.
I love this tank. i didn't find it to be see through at all. it runs true to size. it's super comfy and the lace up detail makes it more fun than a plain old tank top. it's a great basic and i love the lilac color.
Out of stock so quickly in my size. please restock!
Just got the silver ones in the mail yesterday -- really great fall pants! they are quite a bit more grey than how they look on my computer, so i was a bit surprised, but not unpleasantly.  i'm one of those people who always has trouble with pants because my thighs are bigger and my waist smaller than usual. i'm 5'6", 120 with a 26 inch waist and 38 inch hips. i ordered the 28 so my legs could fit inside the pants, but there is quite a bit of gaping at the waist meaning that i cannot go without
I bought two pair in one week...crazy right? i am 5'11 and 150lbs. i bought the pink color, soft faded pink, which drew me to them right away...kinda soft and romantic pink. then two days later went back (one hour drive) and bought the silver which is really a worn in green color. i feel these are true to size, i wouldn't size down because these are"t super stretchy....feels like it also won't bag out during the day. i really love these cords....and the rolled up cuff is adorable.
These flares are so soft and comfy they just may become my favorite go to jeans. i loved the higher rise because they don't feel like they're will fall off like many low cut jeans do. the material might be the softest jean fabric i have ever owned. love the braided styling around the pockets. the bell bottom may be a bit too wide for my liking but the other aspects make that one thing ok.
Thank goodness they had a special discount because i love this sweater. it is not normal for me to splurge but there was something about this sweater and it didn't disappoint. too cute. a great top to wear to a concert or a relaxed party. i love it.
I love this dress. it is loose fitting so be prepared for that. i ordered an xs. i believe the dress was intended to fit this way though and i do not think it looks too big on me. i typically wear a 0 or 00 in dresses. this would be a great dress to wear if you were planning on eating a big meal, ha. i can't wait to wear this dress in the summer and believe i will wear it often. it has more of a boho look to it. i do think it could be worn with heels though. i will probably wear it with flat gol
I got the green one. as the other reviewers commented, yes, the fabric is thin. however, i wear it with a nude bra and a nude cami and i've had nothing but compliments!
I loved this shirt online but when it came to my house i loved it even more. super comfy and really flattering! i love it!!! runs true to size!
I love this dress, and on sale it's a total steal. it's true to size, and beyond comfortable! i live in az so i can easily wear this year round. i got the black color and love it. i'm 5'4" and it hits a little above my knees. love the loose, feminine swing. i feel like skipping wearing this dress :)
I ordered an xxs and it fit perfectly. i love the simple, yet girly look of this top. the bottom material is delicate and adds a feminine touch. it looks even better in person than in the pictures. the material is very soft and comfortable. looks great with jeans and flats or boots!
I loved this top. i paired it with he ag stevie short and jasper and jeera beaded sandals. look was super cute and casual. i love the fact you can adjust the fit in the back with the lace up detailing. flowly tank without the maternity look. i went with the lavender color and it looks great with my olive skin. i had no problem with sheerness when wearing a nude bra. for reference i am 5'6'' 132 lbs and went with the small.
I've been on the hunt for flattering cords for a long time, and these fit the bill! bought the silver on friday and am going to order the pink. the silver is really more taupe, as pictured, so if you're looking for true grey, this is not the pair for you. but the fit is fantastic. i'm 5'3" athletic build about 130 lbs and the 27 fits perfectly. finally cords that don't make my muscular thighs look giant!
I tried on this top in store & was a bit wishy washy on it at first. however i am so glad i bought it and have worn it 3x in a week (shh!). it is incredibly lightweight & breathable which is great for hot texas summers. i also love that it has interesting back detail. the other reviewers mentioned it was see through but i don't agree - i wear a nude bra with it and have no issues. it can be worn casually with shorts or dressed up with white denim & fancier accessories. either way it looks best w
These cords are so soft and snug on- like a hug for your lower half! i appreciate their lack of stretch: they don't seem to "bag out" like other cords can. i like that the fabric is soft but the shape is more stiff. the grey is slightly lighter/more silvery in real life than the picture depicts. for ref, i'm 5'2" and 103lbs and i bought the 24p.
Very comfortable, but ran small. great quality and great look.
Top feels like pajamas but looks very classy. the sweater material is so soft. i wear it with a blazer over the top and i get so many compliments on it. wish they had it in more colors! must have!
These are awesome! i have the pink which is a very light faded sort of color. they are beautiful and very nice quality. they are slimmer and stretchier then i imagined but very flattering.
I just received these jeans. love them. i usually wear a 29- i ordered a 30 and they fit great. they are too long- will need to be hemmed. but the fit is great. the material is soft. lovely. great buy.
This top is comfortable and yet with some stylish detail. the fabric is soft and the lilac color looks great. it hangs loose but with a nice drape. at the sale price it is not to be missed.
Yes, it is big. but it is also amazing. so soft, the colors are great, and the hood, well, the hood makes it. great colors for fall. it's a poncho. it's not supposed to be fitted. i'll be wearing this all fall through winter. love it.
Holy cow! i just got a new bathing suit so i cannot splurge again, but this is flattering!!!! i like the more tame colors which doesn't scream "look at me" (let's be honest, there are certain times of the month where we'd rather crawl in a ball and hide). the design along the sides is absolutely flattering and slimming on anyone. i also like the skin-tone/coral detailing around the top of the breast that extends all the way around the back. retailer is really winning with their swimwear thi
I like how styling and comfortable it is, i bought it in both colors. definitely a nice piece for fall/winter in this houston weather.
Wore this poncho and received 5 compliments before the school day even began! love the pockets and hood. bought three at the sale price - one for me, a friend, and my niece - different ages and sizes but everyone of us love this poncho.
This dress is beautiful. fabric is thin but the details are perfect.
The photos do not do this gorgeous dress justice. the iridescent material makes it perfect for a fancy date night and i received complements from complete strangers. would also be great as a wedding guest or bridesmaid dress!
I have loved this dress from the first time i saw it. but the price scared me away until a sale came to be that meant i could justify buying it. honestly it's worth it's original price, i'm just too much of a scrooge to pay it! the details are adorable. the length makes it very versatile. it seems well made and pretty weighty. fits nicely due to the elastic in the back; i got an 8.. i weigh 170, 5'8" with a small chest. most of the dresses i buy are just as much art as they are fashion and this
I thought this dress was beautiful, but i felt it was a little young for me. i am 55 and was looking for something to wear to my niece's wedding. if i had been the mother of the bride, i would have kept it, but....
The appliqu on this dress is well done. i would recommend it to anyone. the design is super flattering and feminine.
This is great just to have and throw on.it is a everyday piece.
I love this poncho because it's the perfect weight and it is softer than i thought it would be. i will get a lot of use out of it. getting it on sale made it even better.
I ordered the lavender version in xl. it fit me as shown on the model so i think it runs true to size. it is a little shorter than shown. it hits my waist & i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. it fits close through the arms & body but with a comfortable, stretchy material. a tank underneath is needed. i love the draping. it's very flattering. the color is more of a gray than purple. i took the chance on it when it was on sale and it's now a favorite. great neckline for wearing necklaces too.
This is going to be my go-to winter sweater for work! this piece is super comfy, yet a bit more dressy than just a regular sweatshirt. it will be an especially great layer for the ups and downs of the office thermostat.
This pants are very comfortable, and add a little flare to my typical "mom pajama" look. i found them true to size; size small fit my 5'7, 135lbs frame. comfortable to sleep and lounge in!
The design is loose and forgiving, and it is very comfortable. the fabric is soft and light weight, and i love how the sleeves are full cut so even those without stick arms can fit in them! it drapes beautifully and is quite lovely on. you can easily dress it up with jewelry or wear it over jeans for a great go-to top on the weekend. i also bought the purple version - it says it's mauve in the description, but it's really more of a pale lavender color. still very pretty, but i wish it was mauve!
Bought this top in black and i love it! fits true to size with arms a little snug but because of the stretch in the fabric it is fine. the top is very flattering and looked like the model. the front is shorter but very flattering! love it.
I absolutely am obsessed with this poncho! it is the perfect piece for fall and so easy to layer.
I love this shirt so much i came back and bought it in black (i originally got the lavender color). it is super easy to wear and has a delicate quality to it (though i washed it on a regular cycle and it's holding up well!). as you can see from the photos, because of the wrap style, the middle of the front is shorter than the rest of the shirt. i've worn this top with regular rise jeans and haven't had a problem, though if you lift your arms, your belly may show. i purchased my usual size small
It's is an absolutely gorgeous dress, one of a kind . you must have it in your wardrobe . my seamstress needed to adjust it just a tiny bit but it's truly fits to size and is emphasizing the figure.
This dress is awesome - i actually first saw it on lucy lui on elementary and thought it had to be from retailer. sure enough it was and it was on sale. i got the blue and would have gotten both if they had my size. i am usually a m and found this fit true to size. i always love a wrap dress and this with the buttons keeps it from spilling open - love it!
I love this poncho. i would wear it to the beach or even for fun outing like wine tasting!
Classic retailer stunning dress! the embroidery is beautiful, with the beads and details. the blush color can be difficult with my pale complexion, but i didn't have trouble with this. i got a ton of compliments. it looks a bit flat on top on the model. i'm not very curvy, and it accentuates my curves nicely. it doesn't hang down quite so much as it looks in the picture, but has a more classic fit and flare shape, very flattering.
I love this poncho!! it's perfect for chilling saturday mornings at the soccer field. it's a nice warm layer, but doesn't get to hot. pair it with a long sleeve shirt, jeans and some boots and you're set.
I have been looking for a skirt like this and love this one. it does sit a little high on your waist but i like that and think it's more flattering (at least on me it is). i marked that it runs try to size but may run a tiny bit on the larger size. i usually wear a 4 but a 2 fit great and it's been a long time since i've worn a 2!
Adorable skirt. thought the a-line and length were great. 5'4 and 135lbs. went up a size and it fit perfect. can dress it up or down. really happy with this wardrobe staple.  not too stiff denim of so moves well and feels comfortable.
Love it to layer. it is not heavy the perfect weight & soft material. my daughters all want to steal it!
I got the purple and its a lovely muted purple, almost lavender. nice quality, flattering. i recently had a baby so this is a nice shirt to hide my wobbly bits. i'd recommend to anyone (with or without wobbly bits).
I wish they would have shown this belted as it is beyond striking if you slip you belt thru the top of the slit.under the fabric and bring thru the front belting only the front leaving the back full...stunning and chic! because of the colors this will be incredible in the fall...i plan to wear with all my on trend overalls and booties...madly in love with it. i am certain if all these 1 star reviwes played with it in the fashion they too would have given 5 stars. the knit is beautiful and again
Great fabric and design, beautiful pattern with flattering angled bottom hem and fringe. so soft and comfortable.  the hood is cuter left down. perfect transitional piece for fall.  i got the neutral color and it is so easy to wear.  i'm 5'3" and got the s/xs size and feel that it is still wearable.  i second the opinion one reviewer mentioned about wearing a belt through the slit over the front part. definitely works well and makes for an effortlessly stylish look.
I love all my retailer clothes! it's my favorite store! i even love the displays!
Love this skirt length and the detail buttons. also great give to the jean fabric. looks great on and runs true to size.
I was a little bit afraid to purchase this because of the price, but i am so glad i did because this is a gorgeous swimsuit. the quality is amazing, and the colors are exactly as pictured. i have a small-ish frame with a big bust, and this style keeps my figure very flattering without making my chest look too big or heavy.
I normally wear a 4, and that technically fit if i didn't plan to sit. i went a size up and it was still gorgeous but now i could breathe.  it is incredibly sexy yet sophisticated, my husband is always asking why i need another dress and when he saw me in he fitting room his eyes lit up and he said you definitely need to get this dress. needless to say i'll wear it on our next date..
I am five foot tall, about 103lb and got the petite zero - it fits perfectly and i love the flower pattern! great for weddings, parties or work.
Great little summer jacket that takes the place of a jean jacket . i am not usually fond of olive green but this is a bit deeper than a drab olive without being too green. it is sooo soft and comfortable that i find i am pairing it with all sorts of outfits. fits tts if you are going for the look on the model- not too fitted. i highly recommend this timeless piece.
I am 5'3' and 120 lbs for reference, and pear shaped and this dress in a 4 petite fit like a glove. granted, not a dress i would want to gain weight in, but fit perfectly. usually i am a 2 in retailer dresses but read other reviews and definitely made the right choice. it hits at a very flattering length even for someone as short as i am.
I love this shirt! it is so different from most things i get but such a fun change. the colors are bright and fun! you totally do not have to be western to enjoy this shirt and it's fun for a good country dancing/party/concert too. my roommate has already asked to borrow it (as in she's wearing it at a concert as i type this!). it is incredibly comfortable! i got the xs and was kind of surprised it still felt a little big. but i kept the size to wear it half tucked or even kind of oversized. i w
I bought this top to have so that i can pair it with a lot of my other wardrobe pieces. the top is amazing! it is soft, great fabric, a cute cut, and can be styled in so many ways! definitely worth the buy!
I ordered this dress, and loved, loved it. beautiful, great fabric. the length was even perfect for me and i'm 5'4". i am usually a size 8, but ordered up to a 10 because i am a little woman with the exception of my chest. i have ordered dresses before from retailer where i had to order certain dresses a size larger and they worked. unfortunately this time, it wasn't to be. tried the dress on and it fit nicely until the side zipper got to my chest area. i would have ordered another size lar
This dress is made well; the construction/sewing details give the dress a beautiful shape. it has a nice zipper at the back, and fabric feels light. pockets are a good size. skirt flows, but doesn't feel heavy. fit is comfortable. i typically wear somewhere between a size 4/6. i ordered a 4 and it fits just right. i'm 5"6 and it falls below my knee--length is nice. armholes are a bit lower than i thought, but not too low. it's a classic/modern look. it was sold out when i first wanted to buy it,
I have a booty, and these pants love it. they fit my curves (size 10 with flat abs, but as i said a booty) all while looking professional. at m y husband's insistence i'm buying they grey too.
Maeve really keeps me guessing on sizing...usually too big, but this one is too small in my normal 4, so i went with the 6 for comfortable movement while still maintaining the intentional fitted look. fabric is of beautiful quality, colors are true to the picture - just a gorgeous timeless dress that i imagine wearing to many special events, or with a denim jacket over it for work :)
This jacket is so great! i've gone through a few seasons now trying to find that one perfect little olive green jacket. this one wins! the color is nice and saturated. the fabric is soft and drapey so it's still flattering to my shape. it's slightly relaxed and i think it creates an "easy" look. i've already worn this with a dress, and it will finish off many other looks in my closet! yea! i'm 5'6", 138 lbs and took a medium.
Gorgeous top, and generous to fuller figures. i meant to order an xl but somehow ended up with the l. was positive i'd have to return it, but it was perfect. went back and bought the white. it's one of those wonderful pieces that feels classy and fun at the same time. very flattering fit.
Love the print so much!! it is a bit boxy, but for the length i needed to size up to a s from my usual xs with my long torso at 5'7", 111lbs. i'm thinking that sizing up will also save me from any potential dryer accidents. but it doesn't really matter what size you get-just get it for the cute print scene!!
I have a hard time finding slacks that are a step up from jeans and that is why these are such a great find. they feel great, fit well, the price was good even before i got them on sale, i love the color and they seem like they will be easy to take care of. wish they came in more colors..
I absolutely love this dress! i purchased it in my usual size 2 petite and it looks as though it was made for me. the combination of the placement of the pattern and the cut of the dress was quite figure flattering. the only tiny issues i had were that the dress fell to the middle of my kneecaps and may need a hem; in addition, the dress takes a bit of maneuvering to get into due to the side zipper and the close fit. despite these issues, i feel that it is definitely worth buying and i will be k
I really like this shirt. i fell for it after seeing it paired with grey jeans, but when i searched the entire website i couldn't find it. then a couple of days later it appeared. i was super excited and i'm glad i ordered it. i was not disappointed. the shirt is soft and long enough to cover my waist area without riding up if i bent at the waist. the colors are very vibrant and its quite stylish. i ordered a medium and it fit perfectly.
This dress is really beautiful. i was looking for something to wear to a summer 6 o'clock wedding, and this dress will work perfectly. the fabric is smooth and has a tiny bit of sheen to it which makes it look a little nicer and more formal. however, you can easily dress it down. my only issue was the length. i'm 5'4 and this dress was way too long. definitely need to take off about 5 or 6 inches! i also had to size up. i could have tried the petite, but it fit so well everywhere except length,
I've been moving toward a simple tee and jean wardrobe, and this is the perfect addition! it's so fun and different and so comfortable. i've been loving retailer's new tee's! it runs a little large but in a cute way.
I'm 6 ft tall and usually wear a size 10/12, but had to size up to a 14 because this dress runs a bit small around the waist. it's a beautiful dress. it hit me right below the knee, so might be long on shorter gals. i received many compliments on this dress. the colors are beautiful. the main color of the dress is a dark navy. it looked black online. definitely buy this dress! it's a great work dress and you won't be sorry that you did.
Love this dress! can be dressed down or up for dresser occasions. i did order a petite which i usually don't do but due to the length being so long but the petite is just right hitting a couple inches below the knee. i'm 5'4"
Love this shirt and the print. i would wear it all the time if socially acceptable. i've only worn it once but have already gotten so many compliments. there are hints of neon in the coloring that can't really be seen in the pictures. i saw it in store and fell in love and then decided to splurge when i saw it online and couldn't think of life without it.
This came in the mail today. i wasn't sure of my size, so i ordered a s & m. i tried on the small first and it fit perfect. i never tried on the medium. fyi, i'm 5'5", 125 lbs., & 34a in the chest. this jacket is a keeper. it is so soft & comfortable on; i love olive as it goes with everything; it can be super casual or dressier depending upon what you're wearing. i also like that it is collarless as that better allows for a wrapped scarf. i will use this jacket a lot.
I bought both of these tees and they are perfect under my new fringe denim cloth & stone shirt and dress ....had to have both! the gray tee is so cute has every color of all my pilcro chinos...what a bonus. looks too cute paired with the denim shirts and is a great fall transition. i dressed up the cowboy tee with a chunky green stone necklace. i bought the small and for reference am 5'3" and 32h bra size and have no pulling so they are tts and only slightly shaped which works perfect for us bus
I just received these sweaters............couldn't decide which color i liked best....blue and green are my favs. and so i ordered them both! they are a wow ! i am totally in love with both of them. they are sooooooooooooooo beautiful! beyond my wildest expectations! i wear a size 8 and ordered the size 2 and it fits perfectly......a 2 is a size medium per call to retailer before i ordered.....and 1 is small, ad 0 is extra small. this is a bulky, cuddly winter sweater with a touch of glam w
The print is even better in person! true to size. flattering fit.
This is the dress that i have been waiting for all season. perfect color. the material is also "firm" without being heavy or thick (if you know what i mean). it lays flat and smooths out any bumps without being overly stiff. the v-neck is also not too deep and the sleeves are not too short. overall, a complete win. now go and make it in gray and navy blue please.
I love western motif so i had to try this t shirt. quality is great..material is high quality. also the length is long..perfect with jeans and jacket or sweater!
I absolutely love this dress! very well made, fits like a glove, and very flattering! the fabric is stretchy which makes the fit perfect and comfortable. i will be wearing this to a graduation and i'm sure i'll find many other occasions to wear this dress.
I just couldn't resist the western scene and it doesn't disappoint. i ordered size large and although it's a bit long for me, it flows nicely over my hips. i had to try it on with several different bottoms and find it looks great with shorts and skinny or boyfriend jeans. just darling under a jean jacket and cardigan too. the fabric isn't thin or heavy. wasn't it goldilicks who said: it's just right! i love the uniqueness of the print that is just edgy and different enough to translate to great,
This little jacket is so soft and perfectly lightweight. the color goes with everything! more money than i wanted to spend, but i am so glad i took a chance and ordered online. it is exactly what i was looking for!
I love pairing this skirt with edgy tops, it plays so well with the detailing! i'm usually a size 8 but sized up to a 10 so that it didn't pull, other than that,  absolutely love it! beautiful all over
I have had good luck with cloth and stone and this did not disappoint. i knew i would like it because i have this same top in a long sleeve and sleeveless. it is cute, not too sheer and easy to iron.
I love this top! the fabric is so soft and it's perfect with white pants. yes it does run wide and is short, but if you get the correct size it looks just like it does on the model!
This blouse is stunning. i have been wanting it for some time. i finally broke down and purchased it. i am 5' 8" and about 160lbs. i generally wear size l /size 10. i bought this in a large. i need a medium for sure. i could get away with the large, but it's very flowy. i think the med will be more flattering. i am planning to exchange for a smaller size. i would recommend this blouse for sure. if you want it, buy it. it's often times sold out.
Love this shirt. great shape and lightweight material for hot houston weather. washes up nice but does need some ironing.
The lines on the dress are lovely. the material is a nice thick jersey, which can be body-hugging, but mostly on top. it falls beautifully and looks good with heels and flats and boots. i am xs or s depending on the dress, and i got the xs in this one.
Just purchased this for a midsummer formal wedding. i am 5'6'' 125 lbs, ended up going with the size 2 for extra room, the 0 felt very snug thru the chest.
What a great little find. it is so soft, and the color blends with everything. a great way to get a few more weeks out of your summer sleeveless dresses, and ease into fall. great with t shirts and pants as well.the collar is flattering over any neckline. it also looks great as a shirt. it really can be worn all year round. i usually wear a size six on top, as "my girls" are large. the medium was a perfect fit. and there was no billowing in the back. worth the price, as it will become a go to ja
Not sure i'm keeping this. i love it but it's short in the waist (i'm 5'7") and very tight in the top. i'm on the small side of a size 8 normally. a 6 sometimes, but the 8 in this is very tight. i do have broad shoulders but am thin at 126 pounds. so not sure if it's just me or if the dress is truly smallish. it is lovely and i want to keep it. will try it on again tomorrow and decide. if you are on the large end of any size, do size up.
This dress is of great quality and design. the lines and the way the dress shapes your body are perfect throughout the entire dress. i am short and it is a little long on me; it is between my calf and my ankle, but the way it flatters in the bust and waist more than makes up for it. with the right shoes, it is a real winner! i think this dress would be flattering on every body type. highly recommend!
I find that every year (or two at the most) i have to find a new favorite black dress or two (fading, etc.), and, this is definitely one of those dresses for this year (almost one to buy another, so i have one that looks good in a year or two)! the dress is all around flattering and comfortable... looks wonderful with high heels and flats, looks good at work and while out having fun! probably won't be able to count how many times i wear it this year!
I love this shirt! the colors are more muted in the photos, so i was a little surprised to see how bright some of the colors were. still super cute! also has a looser fit--i'm a small across brands (5'7", 130, straight/slender build), so if you prefer a more true or tighter fit, size down. either way, get this!!!!
This jacket fits great! i got a medium, and am 5'6" , 140 lbs. very nice light weight jacket.
So i fell in love with the print without even noticing that it had horses on it until after it arrived! i was sooo excited! but really the length and fit are the best part about this shirt. with my long torso things are generally too short on me. i'm a sucker for spending money on clothes but still i wish retailer could make cute tees for under 40 bucks:/ i say that, yet i'm not sending it back:)
I just got this top today. the print is just as beautiful in person as it is on the web. it is so incredibly soft and comfortable. i tried it on and it fits just like the photo. i am 5'8 so i can get away with the blousy effect, but, i think that is part of why it is so charming. i think you could dress it up or down really well. i am really pleased.
This dress is so flattering, not the usual type of dress i go for, but decided on a whim to try and am glad so glad i did. the material has enough heft to give you a beautiful silhouette without being too clingy. you can dress up or down, if you don;t like showing too much cleavage you may want to put a tank underneath to give you a little coverage.
This is a great lightweight jacket. i really like the olive color as it goes with so many things. it can be worn with dresses or skirts which is what i mainly wear. i'm an anti-pant person. the only downside is the price. it's a nice stylish jacket, but not sure it warrants the high price tag. it also doesn't look to great buttoned up; has to be worn open. i do recommend it though.
Bought this in store yesterday, light fit and extremely comfortable! i'm 5'4 135 and have a long torso, so i ended up going with a large in this one because i like my shirts to hang loose. print is more vivid in person but nonetheless a great but!
Ok you had me at the western scene. soft and comfortable. true to size. you can dress it up or down. just a great t shirt. recommend it! get it!!
Love this top. the material is light, soft and comfortable. one thing to note. it runs very large? this feature is perfect for me as i was worried it would be too tight around the middle?this style would not look good if it didn't fit loose?..so i was pleasantly surprised to see that it fit me with plenty of room?.something i need for my full figure. if you are trim around the middle i recommend going down a size or two.
Light weight jacket, perfect layering piece . short enough to be the right accessory over a dress or skirt without getting a sloppy look. versatile, - also great over a long tee with skinny jeans. well made, fold cuffs back for the classic look.
I saw this and the "giddy up" tees at the store, and it was so difficult to decide because they have their own uniqueness. unlike the giddy up tee, this tee has no embroidery, but saying it has just patterns is underestimating it. the pattern is a work of art, it has cowboys, ranch scenery, cacti, and the earthly colors are gorgeous for all seasons (especially for those who still have a leftover summer tan). the hem of the tee is a bit round which i thought is unique and versatile for tucking in
This is just as cute in person. i wear it with black jean shorts, boyfriend jeans, washed out jeans like the model, or khakis. the colors are great and so is the fit. love it.
Loved it as soon as i opened the box--it's a light-to-medium weight sweatshirt with the wonderfully vibrant flower front. i wasn't sure about the flowers online, but like 'em! the cuffs and hem are nicely made and the v-neck back is an unexpected addition. this will be great with a scarf or alone this fall. can't wait for the weather to cool down!
This jacket is adorable.. it is very flattering and different. can easily be dressed up for work or dressed down as shown. note: it is unlined and very light weight. these are huge selling points for me as it makes the jacket seasonless. love it!!!
I have featured a picture below. i'm 5 feet 120 lbs. i ordered an xs petite. i'm pretty busty so i don't like a loose fitting top, so ordering a size down did the trick. it's super soft, one of a kind and the edging of the neckline is delicate looking and soft and therefore adds a feminine element. i'm enjoying wearing the top.
Cozy. soft. comfortable. a perfect transitional top that bubbles over with personality..it's a unique fabric design that makes you feel like you're on vacation ..love it.
Perfect! awesome! i have a few of these now and love them. they do stretch a little so i wouldn't size up. i'm about 138 pounds and 5'8'' and normally m. i wear the 27 in these.
This pullover is a great purchase. the color is simply stunning and is very comfortable.
I bought this jacket in green and it is beautiful. the green is a true forest green. sizing is accurate. my only wish is that they offered more colors and the snaps were double faced so you could snap the collar back.
I love lace dresses and this one is no exception. great construction and color. i paired the dress with a plum colored blazer and i really was pleased at how well it all went together. i'm about 5'8" and 170 i'm normally an 8 or 10 at retailer, my 8 fits great and is not tight at all, so i'm thinking it may run a tad bit big.
I love this sweater. the green is soft. the fabric is light enough for year round in my area. i thought it might be too young but it works nicely for me. i bought it in two other colors when the package arrived today.
I love this top. it was everything i hoped it would be. it is lined so it is not see through in the chest/back; sleeves are sheer. soft. gorgeous color. love the layers. runs large so definitely size down. i am usually a m and ordered the s. i'm 5'8" curvy 32dd
I thought the sweater was pricey until i saw it on me. this sweater is really flattering! i chose the grey colored one. i'm smaller on top and this sweater is perfect with the v neck cut out the fabric is also really soft.
This sweater is very lightweight with the loose knit, but is much warmer than i was expecting. the periwinkle color is gorgeous. the chiffon hem provides a cute detail and it is true to size for a loose fit
Yay for the return of shirts that show your form but don't reveal the flaws! i bought this in cream which only seems to be in stores right now. the stripes on the cream version are vibrant and beautiful. the weight of the top is very nice and really hugs your shape. i did think it ran a tad small. i bought the large but also could have worn the medium.
It's hard to find a sweater that is warm and cozy, but doesn't look bulky. this sweater does it all. it is delicate looking and soft and flattering. it is also surprisingly warm. i wear it with jeans for everyday, but it looks good enough to wear out to dinner or such. i bought the periwinkle which was the most flattering on me (blond and fair). i am hoping to get the green too when they go on sale. i said it runs a little small because i took a small instead of my usual extra small in sweaters.
I loved this jacket! it's exactly what i was looking for. i set out to find a lightweight sweater or jacket that would keep me warm and also versatile enough to wear with different outfits. this definitely fit the bill! in addition, it's really soft and not at all itchy, which was a concern i had since it was wool and i ordered it online. i have received a bunch of compliments! i definitely recommend it!
This top comes in 4 lovely colors, too bad only one of htem looks decent on my skin tone (purple), though i might have gotten away with the silvery grey. fit: nice falttering line, flares at the bottom and is loose aroun d the waist, so if you ahve a problem area, nice coverage. feel: super soft - nuff said ;-) versatility: i am not sure it will look great with everything on my body type, but definitly a nice pair of jeans (flare or skinny with boots),a and may try the pencil skirt look like the
Love the fit. nice and warm and good quality material.
This green sweater is solo pretty . i wanted it from the moment i saw it. pretty layers on the bottom make it so unique!
Dare i say, this is my favorite pair of pilcro legging cords yet. the pattern is beautiful, with green, black, and grey. the fit is as usual stellar and comfortable. the best yet!
This sweater is very pretty. the pictures online do not show the intricate knitting and the lovely details or how delicate the yarn is. i bought the light orange color and i think it will transition nicely into spring. the shape is very figure flattering as well. overall, i am very happy with my purchase.
I was on the lookout for a denim jacket when i found this beauty on line. i fell in love immediately and didn't think twice about paying full price. i wear it with moss green chinos and it looks really good. the little dots in the jacket are actually a pale green, which gives it extra character. very well made. i was a bit skeptical about the hook and eye fastenings, but they are very secure.   i ordered my usual xl and found it roomy enough in the bust and arms. i would definitely call it tru
I was on a mission at retailer to find a versatile and comfortable jacket/cardigan. this is perfection. the detail and pattern in the wool make it unique and the zipper and snaps are great quality. i bought it in the green and is great for the office and out in jeans as well.
I love this pretty sweater. i am petite and thin and ordered the regular xs. the length was perfect- just below the hips. the sleeves are a bit long but you can pull them up a bit. this is a perfect winter dressy sweater to wear with black jeans or leather pants. the knit is very delicate and light but warm and the layered chiffon bottom makes it special.
This is a great fitting jacket. the style, etc. i got this in the grey - i would have exchanged it for the green (but have a similar color that i bought last year from retailer. so i ended up returning it - only because i didn't like the color on me.
I adore these pants! comfortable as jammies and i wear with both sandals and booties. every time i wear them i am complimented on them!
So sure from the online shop & images that i ordered two pairs. the package arrived in less than 2 days and immediately i could see how the cords were everything i expected them to be. so incredibly soft and body forming and has a classic cord texture only softer. i love them ! this look works both daytime as well as evening - it's geared to work with any casual to couture look. my 22 year old niece wanted to buy the second pair (sz 28) from me so i gave them to her. she's a nice niece : )
I am really into this jacket! the fit is nice although it does very slightly large; however, not enough to go down a size for me. all of the different textures are really cool and the details do seem to be pretty slimming, which is always a bonus. i am a bit worried that the wool will pill like crazy though. let's hope i'm wrong and that it lasts!
Omg! so comfortable and feels like wearing nothing at all! i wish the blue print was still available in my size. tried them on at the store and fell in love! they say the length is 31.5, however i am on the tall side, usually wear 34" in jeans, but these are perfect. i see from other reviews that these pants have been around for a while. please don't change them, and i will be getting another pair or two next year!!!
I tried on a dressing room full of items before christmas, and this was the clear winner. i got it in the green xs, which fit perfectly. i am 5'6" and of medium build. the s was slightly too big through the chest and arms - skewed a little too military looking for me. i like the versatility of leaving it open or zipping it up, but like another reviewer, i wish the top lapel would snap back onto the shoulder because it can flop back and that gets a little annoying. overall, i really like the fitt
It sits a little short but works great for a jacket when you don't want to have a big winter coat when going out.
I absolutely love this sweater. it's soft, and delicate. i bought a green one which flatters my skin tone. i feel that i can wear it for three seasons, except summer... lol  it runs a bit large. i normally wear size medium for tops from retailer, but the size s of this sweater fits better than size m. the sleeves are bit long than other sweaters, but i think that's the style, as shown on the model.  if you like feminine and romantic tops/sweaters, you will like this piece. :)
I purchased this in both the green color and the grey color and am in love with both. they are much longer than last years design and it has a pretty weave to the sweater with multiple layers that sit perfectly past the hips. the fit is true to size although the fabric is quite thin and i worry about pulls. also, the sleeves are a bit long, but this doesn't bother me too much at this point. very versatile!
For years i've eyed these printed pilcro cord leggings. every single year in every single incredibly cool print - i've always wanted them. finally i decided to try them on after we got this green and navy print, and i'm so glad i did. these are dreamy! they are so stretchy and so comfortable! they hold snug against your leg for a very streamlined fit, but plenty of stretch so movement is no issue. the print is my favorite part. the colors are extremely fun, but still classy enough to not feel to
Love that it is light and very comfortable. i got both colors, the only thing is it's dry clean only. love that i got it on sale!
Beautifully cut and styled!its versatile and can be paired with trousers or a skirt
This is simply the most lovely, interesting, flattering sweater ever. i got the green which is a lovely minty color. couldn't be happier!
This is a beautiful piece - but not if you need a hardy sweater. the material is lovely as are the two colors i saw. but it is lightweight and delicate. i tried an xxxs petite which is my norm and it fit perfectly. i did not buy it as for the price and relative usefulness, i had to say no. i will watch for sale.
I was in my local retailer to scope out a different piece, when i spotted this very attractive, well-designed jacket. sparrow's jacket looks dynamite on. the scale is perfect for me; the high level of detail is ideal. i chose this over getting an oversized sweater coat: it felt like these proportions were most flattering on my body. it will be appropriate for work or nice casual events. i bought the medium, true to size; i am an 8 top, 5'1"130#, 34f. although i largely buy online, sometimes you ju
I am obsessed with the off the shoulder trend this season. i were mind on the shoulders so its work appropriate, and you can still tuck it in. the length is perfect. the colors are awesome. t paired it with a pair of pilco cords. it easily work with a skirt or dress pants. i would highly recommend!!!
This caftan is very light and well-made. i love the colors and designs on this fabric. i was worried that it might make me look boxy, but it accentuates my figure surprisingly well. the fabric is so soft!!! i'm amazed at the price because this is a really beautiful cover-up.
I needed a pink dress for a local breast cancer awareness luncheon. this is a perfect fit for the occasion!
This dress is as flattering as wrap dresses usually are. the x-small fits well (dress probably runs a tiny bit large as i go between a small and extra small), though i did move the tiny snap at the neckline down as it fastened too high for me. the dress did snag slightly in one spot but overall, it is really very flowing and lovely on, with unusual colors that look nice with late summer tan and gold earrings.
I ordered the white in 0p (i wanted red, but was sold out and don't have a white one so thought why not). i really liked the fit, flirty, flattering, very nice (love the crossed straps in the back). as someone mentioned, the fabric is a bit heavy for summer, but since i spend a lot of time indoors in a cold environment, no biggie, i probably will have a seater on top of it too. the cut is flattering, chest area not too snug, and i can wear a strapless (more comfortable for me). 115 lbs, 26.5 in
I found this in-store when looking for a dressy, slightly boho dress for an upcoming wedding. i'm really happy with it -- the a-line cut disguises some recently gained extra pounds but it doesn't feel like i'm hiding in a muumuu because the shoulders and chest are relatively fitted. the flowy hemline offsets the short length (maybe 4-5" above the knee for me). the pink color is very light -- lighter than in the photos, i think -- but it will work nicely for the wedding. as the first reviewer sai
Love this dress! it is so comfortable and can be worn as casual or dress up.
Perfect! can't believe how inexpensive this is for the look. it looks just like it does on the model. i can't wait to wear it on my vacation.
I first spotted this on an retailer employee, she paired it with a peasant top & wore it open w/jeans & boots- so darn cute. love how this peice transitions from summer to fall. i'm 5'4" so i had to order the small petite which is perfect. note that this dress is very long! it's just a must have garment. the colors/ print are just beautiful.
Saw this in the store in pink....very cool dress but i want black so i'm ordering it. the fabric was almost lace-like & it comes w a slip. it was sort of swingy, and designed to be a-line. loved it. the bell sleeves totally make it.
This is a fun dress to have in your closet! i ordered the 4p, and it was just a little to short for my taste. had the regular 4 sent, and it was perfect! i wore it the very next night to a party... feels great and lots of fun with the bel sleeves!
I am simply mad about this dress. i am smaller on top with larger hips. my bust is a mellow b but i could see this working on a or c cups also. this dress is extremely flattering for my body type and the bodice fits like it was made for me. it fits fine without a bra and just perfectly with a semi padded strapless. i got this dress to wear to a summer wedding. the texture and color are beautiful and i will pair with simple jewelry and nude heels. it's a great find and excellent quality. definite
This is a great maxi dress for people that want a classic fit but nothing tight. it is figure flattering yet modest enough to wear to work. i am 5'3 (and a half!) and many maxis are so long that i must wear heels. this one is perfect length for me and can be worn with flats or heels.
When this dressed first debuted, i pretty much ignored it because i was not looking for a sleeveless maxi dress for fall. then i went on instagram and saw all the marvelous ways retailer employees were styling this. this can be worn as a long vest over jeans or a long sleeve maxi. and the rich autumn colors go well with boots and sweaters. add a wide leather belt when it's opened or closed, works great either way. when i bought my dara vegan leather moto in plum, i knew this would be an ideal pair
Color is beautiful, fits perfectly, lace is lovely and cut is feminine and flattering. hoping to top with a sweater so i can wear it longer in the season.
This is a wonderful dress. i love the fit and feel of the fabric. i have been looking for a while for a 'fall' maxi to wear with a pair of free people boots i purchased. this dress is perfect with them. the colors are fall and fresh, can i say that about fall?
I already knew that it's not the lightest summer dress by reading previous reviews. yes, it is fully lined with stretchy fabric which is kind of thick and heavy for skinny straps. i still love this dress it's very beautiful and versatile. it's perfect for san francisco summer it never gets too hot anyway.  the color is also beautiful but it's little pink side of red. i am 5'4 size 0 it fits perfect just like the picture.
I was a little skeptical about this one at first. i have a hard time with the over all styling of many maxi dresses. i liked the print and figured i would give this a whirl. it is beautiful! looks great on and i love the fabric!! so happy i picked this one up.
This dress is breathtaking! it is super lightweight and will be the perfect addition to my suitcase for summer travels! can be dressed up or down with jewelry & heels.
I debated whether or not to order this dress. i love the cut and style, but i was afraid the color would not work for me. with dark hair and pale skin, yellow tends to wash me out. i was correct, but the dress was adorable. definitely size down. i usually wear a medium or 8 in retailer dresses, but based on other reviews, i ordered this in a small. might could have used an extra small. this dress certainly won't show off those 10 pounds you lost, but it is very comfortable and not overly boxy. als
Wow! i saw this dress in the store and had to try it on. it is simply stunning! the bright colors and design are a true tracy reese dress and i looked like a fairy queen in it! lol. i can't wait to wear it!
I love the fit and the color. i would buy this t-shirt again in other patterns and colors. the fabric is thin and lightweight, but i knew that when i bought it. ( apparently, nothing this is a problem for some others.) i do choose to wear a camisole or a tank top underneath it. to preserve the fabric, i hang dry after laundering. the colors have not faded, and the fabric is holding up well. i am 5'4", weigh 134 lbs, and do typically wear size medium.
I bought this tee in purple. went back the next day and purchased the peach! this is a classic tee with a girly twist! cute with jeans and a jean jacket!
I now own this shirt in 4 different styles. although i don't expect it to last forever, thus far, they wash really well given how thin they are and light weight. i love the simple cut, and how good they look dressed up or down. it is so hard to find comfy tees, and this one fits the bill! my only wish is that they sold it in solid print colors like white and black. then i would own 6 ;)
Runs a little small, but is very chic!!! you can wear it with jeans and a white t-shirt and you are going to look awesome!!!
I saw this piece and fell in love with it. the print is beautiful and is well placed on every piece! it is a little boxy, and is a bit warm for indoors, but it is unusual enough to overlook the flaws. i am 5'10". usually a small, but sized up to a medium with this one.
The blouse is as shown in the picture. it falls nicely and is flattering to wear. the detail on the yoke and hemline is of good quality. i've received a lot of compliments on this top.
Got a ton of compliments.  great tee with beautiful print.
This product is amazing. i love that it's comfortable and stylish at the same time. i love the unique color pattern and the length of this product. i also love that i can wear to any occasion and can dress it up or dress it down. it's very versatile and i love it.
Ordered this with my bday discount - the small felt a bit roomy so i took it to the store so i could possibly exchange for an xs. i literally could not even get my arm in the xs! tried a different small which was more fitted than the small i had received - so i would say the sizing can be inconsistent
Just beautiful! the details and the colors are combined in such an usual and chic way. the fit is really comfortable too--i found that the jacket runs tts, maybe even a bit large, but i purchased my regular size so that i could wear layers. keep in mind, i have a rather large bust, so someone with a smaller one could probably size down. please note, there are no closures in the front of the jacket, but it looks almost closed when you're wearing it.
Great shirt.  love the detail in back.  feminine and different than the average t
This t-shirt is very casual, so it is perfect for everyday use.  touch of textile is comfortable, so i feel relaxed whenever wearing this t-shirt.  although stripe is a simple design, it does not limit your choise of fashion, so it can go with almost anything.  just be aware that this t-shirt runs a little larger than the true size.
I love florals and this top can be worn with jeans and also i have worn it for work. it's very comfortable and light.
This is the perfect holiday dress. my best purchase of the season!
I found this in store last weekend and thought it was it perfect. i got the size small which had plenty of space for me, usually a 4-6 or small (34a-28-26). it's long, i found it to be just below knee length (5'6"). if you zoom in, you can see some detail work along the front edges which complements the pretty openwork in back. it has pockets too btw :) this will be worn over everything this summer, let's hope the poly/rayon/spandex blend washes ok!
I've been looking for a cozy sweater dress for a while because everything always seems to be so form fitting. i'm between an xs and a small and i got the small for this and it's just a little roomy so it's perfect. fabric is pretty thin so it drapes well and it won't be too warm.
I love this dress because it is amazingly feminine and easy to wear. i put this dress on and immediately felt elegant, sophisticated, and flirty all at the same time. a few tailoring uniquenesses i want to mention; stretchy, form fitting, sexy sheer upper and front back panel, you can wear a bra and not see it thru the sheer front and back portions of the dress, the waist is exactly tailored to show off back side. it is true to size.
I love this tee, i bought it in white and the bright salmon pink and wished i could have bought it in all the colors. the v-neck is low enough to show just a hint of cleavage without being too revealing. the rough edge of the hem is a nice touch. i like the double-v neck in the back as well as front; it adds a little interest to the back and is not too low. the label is sewn on with red thread which shows up on the white color in back but in a nice way. overall the length and cut are just ideal.
Very soft and lovely t-shirt. beautiful flowered print and cute detail on neck. i am 140 lbs and 5' 4" and got a large.
I bought this top in 2 colors -- white and light green. i really like them both. the shirt is a nice weight and texture and the soft green color is really nice. the fit is true to size. i am 5'-6" and 145 lbs. and the medium was perfect. i like how the back dips in a slight v as well.
Absolutely gorgeous.  i never have been a yellow person but today i am converted.  all the colors are vibrant and true to the photo. i'm 5'6 and the length is perfect for flat sandals and my wedges, so i can dress it up or be stunningly casual.  i range from 14-16/ l-xl in retailer dresses.  the size is dictated by my broad shoulders. since this one is sleeveless i went with the large and it's perfect.  the nude slip has clasps to keep the straps in place and its adjustable. the slip is als
I bought this top about 3 weeks ago& love it! i like it because it's better than a plain t-shirt so it's perfect for running around doing errands or shopping. i like the material and the length, i'm 5'8" and sometimes i feel like shirts are to short. i wash it and hang it to dry, no shrinking or pilling so far! i am ordering this in at least two more colors!
I think 56 reviews says it all! basic tee with a little tailoring on upper back in a variety of colors. i purchased the purple floral tee in my local store and it is prettier in person than on the website. much more vibrant in color. it is tts.
Will be cute in the summer months and with a pair of sweater tights will work for holiday parties. doesn't seem to come in a petite which is a bummer so i sized down. .
Ordered this top in navy with white irregular dots since it was not available in smaller sizes in the store. i took a chance and ordered an xs and the size and fit are perfect! love the scalloped edge, small side slits and the crocheted detail on the top. great addition to my florida wardrobe!
Tts and comfortable. this t shirt brings flair to everyday wear and i purchased on sale for a steal!
Gorgeous with that retailer uniqueness.  unfortunately this shade of yellow just wasn't right for me.  but it is a beautiful dress
I purchased this dress in pink. it is absolutely beautiful. the shimmery detail around the neck is gorgeous! it is so flattering and looks amazing with boots or sandals! this dress will not disappoint!!
Beautiful dress. the color in person in a rich golden sun, not too flashy. a very warm hue, it will compliment every skin tone. it is more fitted than most peasant dresses. not as much flowing material, very flattering. the slight beading on the yoke makes it a standout. very well made, with a nice cotton lining. i am usually a size six in a dress, and the small fit beautifully, even with my large top. it is a stunner, that can be worn with boots or sandals. you will receive a lot of compliments
I'm dying for this skirt in the picture. where is it??
This duster is a nice light weight dark navy that you can throw on to add a little something to a your outfit without adding bulk or warmth. looks nice over dress, jeans, crops. just a fun little item to have in you closet that you can grab to put a little twist to an outfit. best part of the duster....it has pockets!! i love being able to slide my iphone into a pocket while on the go!
I got this shirt in black, and it's perfect for the office. i ordered a medium, which i thought was a little on the larger side. well made, the details make it an interesting top.
When i walked into the store, this tee instantly caught my eye. it's light weight, not too low cut and longer in the back. great with jeans, skirts or shorts.
This jacket is well made and the fit is perfect. it is quilted and will work well three seasons of the year. it goes with jeans, cords and flannel, and would work with skirts and dresses. colors are a bit more muted and darker than my display shows, but only slightly. studs and black trim really punch up the look of this jacket. i am very pleased with it!
Was looking for the perfect birthday dress....and i found it! gorgeous! i generally wear a size 0 or 2 but opted for a size 4 to give some wiggle room and it still fit me like a glove.
Got the mustard and grey. very cute. looking forward to wearing it
I purchased this for a late summer wedding that i was invited to last minute and i can't wait to wear it! i got it on sale with an additional percentage off and for the price it is a steal. like all of tracy reese designs it is so cute and feminine. it runs just a tad bit on the larger side so the medium fit my size 10 figure perfectly (i tried on the large and it was too big and too long for me). the medium length was perfect for my height (5"6).
Just received this dress in the mail and i'm in love.  it's beautiful and fits so well.  i was a little hesitant ordering a yellow dress but i'm so happy that i did.  ??
I tried both the xs and s in the store. i am usually an xs, but ended up buying the s, because the xs was really short and i didn't want it to be any shorter after washing. the s fit more like a normal t-shirt, although the back is longer. love the color (blue) and the fabric is super soft. also happy that it's not too thin, nor see-through.
I have bought several tees by t.la and this one is really cute. i bought it in the blue stripe size xs. it runs slightly larger than most in that size, but it will probably shrink a little. it's not overly baggy, just comfy fit. i like the colors in this top and will wear it often with shorts or jeans. the fabric is thin so i'm not sure how long it will last, but until then it will be a keeper in my closet!
This jacket is extremely good quality, has gorgeous detailing and is warm! quilting makes it thicker than expected, but plan to wear as both a blazer and fall jacket. highly recommend.
The shirt was soft and very flattering on. got multiple compliments.
I noticed a xxs p at the store. i thought they would never fit me since i am an xs, but i decided to try for fun and to my surprise they fit perfectly. i love it! very stylish and flattering.
Great basic but with a little something special to it. great t all around!
These tights are exactly what i was looking for! they are a great weight for the winter months and can be worn out/dressed up or for lounging around at the house. they are a nice weight and durable construction. i plan to pair them with skirts, tunics and dresses. they are super cute with ankle boots.
This romper is absolutely gorgeous. the embroidery is detailed and lovely and the fit is feminine and flattering. it's super versatile and easy to dress up or dress down depending where you want to wear it. i'm in love!  it is a little on the sheer side, though, and i chose to wear a tank top underneath for more coverage, but this was an easy fix. it was a reasonable trade off to wear a camisole under in exchange for the lightweight and flowy material. totally obsessed.
I had seen this online a few times and while it caught my eye because of the color, i never really bothered to check out the details due to the stock photo. it looks quite bland as it doesn't really flatter the model. however, once i saw this dress in-store, i was drawn to it immediately. the dress is well made, the embroidery is delicate and beautiful with interesting design features. i love the combination of the summer dress with a collar. it makes this dress so work appropriate as well as it
Ordered these to wear around the house more as leggings and they did the trick. love the color and the fact that they are warm without being too thick.
Given that tunics and thigh-length dresses are the hot new thing this season, i kept finding that my black-only-tights collection wasn't going to fly with my cute new tops and boots. so i searched far and wide for different colored tights that didn't look cheap or inauthentic in color, and found these. i bought them in blue, gray, and brown and i have worn them with so many different pieces! they look more "rustic" than the average tight, almost like they are leggings, not tights. they are a lit
I was a little hesitant to order this dress due to the cotton/polyester blend...not generally a fan of poly for summer. it is high quality though, very soft, lightweight and lays beautifully. it's not see through either, which seems like a rare find in clothing lately. the embroidery is very well done too, and i think it adds just the right touch of feminine, while not being overly "precious". it does run small by a whole size, which i've found to be typical of eva franco dresses. i am usually a
I wear tights all winter. it's difficult to find cute, fashionable tights that aren't "heavy" and have quality fabrics that will last through an entire season. these fit great, don't roll or bunch, don't shrink, have great feeling fabric and aren't super thick... but not see thru! love these and plan on purchasing in all of the colors!
Just received first pair in brown...love them and ordered two more! these tights actually stay up and you don't have to keep pulling on them throughout the day. super comfortable and perfect weight, not too thick and not too thin. they will run, so be careful when washing or putting them on.
These tights are awesome! i bought three pairs. they give a nice casual look to some of my multi-season dresses.
I love this sweater. it's warm, comfortable, and soft. nice quality too.
Perfect substitute for leggings to wear with a long shirt skirts or shorts. and are thick enough to keep you warm and aren't as thin as some tights normally are.
This romper is so dang cute. i normally wear a m/l or 10/12. i took a medium in this though either size would probably have worked depending how loose you like it. it's not too sheer and the shorts aren't too short (i'm 5'9). my only complaint is the front toe came off on one side as i was trying it on, an easy fix but still it should come off that easy.
Love this romper! very impressed that even though the material is ivory colour, it's not sheer and undergarments won't show through. a forgiving fit for everyone
I am so happy with this chemise! the pink is the most breathtaking blush and the fabric is super soft. i like that the straps are adjustable, allowing me to make the bodice a perfect fit while adjusting the gown to the perfect length for me. it's definitely my new favorite!
Such a pretty little sweater, gorgeous detail. i wish it were a bit longer, it was too boxy for my large chest. otherwise it fits tts. i wanted to lie inside of it and take a nap. so comfortable. please make more sweaters in this knit!
And flattering! i love the feel of the dress, it is flowy, loose but still flattering. i can't wait to wear it with boots. i could go with flats for summer, too, if i wanted to. i have had this dress in my wish list, then i deleted it, but it was in the store as a return in xxs p so i thought, why not! i shouldn't have really, coz now i have to get it... and i did.  colors are actually great, i don't know why people have issues "matching" - black or navy are equally neutral in my books...  f
This dress is cute and comfortable. big but not too big, skimming. i usually wear a 12 pant and bought a medium and it is great. i am on the taller side and the length was great too.
I love this dress! it's super comfortable--soft fabric and doesn't bind anywhere--yet somehow it's still feminine and sexy. i get compliments on it wherever i go! also, it works all year-round (in winter it can be easily paired with boots, tights, a long-sleeved black t-shirt, etc.).
Well made & lined. great find for the fall!
I am short (5'3'") and have a short torso so the empire waist line was really flattering. i got the petite size small and it fell just above my knee. loose skirt portion led to an easy look to the dress. overall, super cute!
This is such a unique design and i love the colors. i could be a small or x-small and chose the x-small, fits perfectly.
Really cute, really comfy, great color, love the oversize buttons! all around just a great skirt. nice shade that goes right into fall. i have several of this style skirt and love them all!
This really is a lovely shirt . i like the long length of the sleeves as sleeves are often too short on me to wear cuffed at the wrist. i now have the option of long or rolled up sleeves. the fabric is the perfect weight for indoors. it is definitely a keeper.
This is a basic that i've been looking for for ages. i've never found such a flattering plain white button down shirt before -- everything is either not basic enough, unflattering shape, too masculine, too boring, too wrinkly, or too hard to take care of. this shirt is perfect. it is shaped to flatter, but doesn't have any finicky details. this is just a wardrobe staple, plain and simple. it is going to work hard for me, year round. i have other cloth & stone tops, and have loved them all. their
Bought this for a vacation to mexico with my boyfriend. super flattering and soft. big thumbs up!
I'm normally a size small, but the store only had a large. i tried it on and it still fits great as an oversized button down for a threw-on-my-boyfriends-shirt kind of look. i wear it tied in a knot with leggings.  the shirt is so so so soft and high in quality.
Wore for the 4th with white jeans super cute love the ruffle
Really love this top even more than i expected based on the picture. i have already worn it 6 times in a short period of time. it's been a great fall top
This is a fantastic dress. it's very flowy, comfortable, stylish, and it has pockets!!! whoop! whoop! i have a larger bust (34d) and even though it's button down, the openings in between don't peak open to show your bra. it is navy and red, but i think you could wear black boots with it, no problem. this is my new favorite dress and i'm very happy with my purchase. buy it!!
I disagree with a previous review saying that this top is unflattering and boxy. i bought this top and it actually looks just like the image in the photo online. i received a lot of compliments when i wore it. i wore it with black skinny jeans, black tall boots and a short sleeve cardigan which i used as a jacket, and did not keep on the entire night. i think the shirt even looks good without being tucked in. :) i really love it. maybe just wish i could button the top from time to time to change
This shirt can look very elegant thanks to the nice duffs and hidden button line. the material is pleasantly substancial and very soft. the only thing i did not like is that the bottom button broke it two pieces the tirst tme i buttoned it. no spare buttons included, but as the buttons are not visible i think i can find a similar one to replace it. not big enough of an issue to return,
Absolutely perfect staple top to have in your wardrobe. fits very nicely. not see through at all. highly recommend this top.
I love this gown so much. i have two of them! the gray and pink. they are really soft and comfortable. i sleep in them all of the time.
First, i'm an 8/10 and tried the s and m. i could've worn either but the m looked too large in my opinion. i kept the small. the color- i think you could wear black or navy as the navy is very very dark. the only con- the sleeves. they stick right out to the sides and don't lay down as much as the online photo. it definitely looks best with a cardigan or jacket over it. material is super light.
I got the black in size small. i love this easy, breezy and comfy t. i love that it's different and can wear with anything. the shirt is more flowy vs fitted which i like. i wish they had more colors! i could see myself wearing this shirt a lot this summer.   i'm a size 2 and bought a small.
This top is a great neutral layering piece with some nice visual interest. the black-and-white pattern and tie-neck style will add a little something to a cardigan or blazer. the neck can also be tied multiple ways. it's definitely appropriate for work and i found it tts. i normally wear a 10/m, and took an m in this top.
I just got this top in the mail and love love love it! i thought it was on the pricey side for a shirt, but couldn't help but purchase it full price because i love anything pineapple print! the metallic print is cute and chic from day to night. i also love the open shoulders, making this design different and perfect for summer. i'm only sorry that i didn't see this top online until i already returned from my vacation in maui! very comfortable and easy, worth the price!
This skirt has a unique, fun pattern and a fit that is absolutely perfect. just figure flattering without being too tight or revealing. can't wait to wear it for a holiday dinner.
I'm in love with this skirt! i already have so many outfits planned out! i do feel it runs slight large, maybe half a size?? i'm 5'6", 135 lbs, and usually wear a 6. i ordered a small, and it's fairly loose, but i like that personally. if you want a tighter pencil look, then size down.
I love this skirt. it is stylish and very comfortable. ladies, don't be afraid of wearing a pattern on the bottom. it is flattering and slimming. i wear it with a black wrap sweater or black cotton casual jacket.
I ordered both colors and my usual size (in eptites) and one size smaller... definitely true to size as in not smaller size.   i am 5'1.5" and the best size was xs petite.   i ordered both colors and msut say they are both gorgeous, so can't go wrng there, as long as it goes with your skin tone, for me the red was better, but i did love hte neutral color as well.  comes with a lining #bude color#. wasit is elasticized, and comfortable, love the sleeves, this is light enough for spring and
I am 5'9" and 138 pounds slender, but with a tummy. the small fit great ,and i agree with the other reviewer that the elastic waist band is complimentary. the dress flounces out a little, but in a cute way, and it's not too short compared to so many other baby doll dresses out there now. i didn't think it looked that great on the hanger, but when i tried it on it looked so much better than i expected. got the brown. thank you to the other reviewers for the bootie, boot, moto jacket transition to
Retailer has the greatest pencil skirts. i usually get 1 every year. the pattern on this one makes it very eye catching with blue birds on green or tan background and black and white flowers in a tree pattern. so it is versatile to wear with many colored tops. i bought a large because they didn't have medium in the store. it is a bit loose in the waist but comfortable . the rest fits nice and slim. i am usually an 8-10 in jeans.
If you love denim skirts as much or more than you love the perfect pair of jeans, then you'll love this one! the waist fits perfectly with just enough give from the spandex to make this skirt comfortable all day without stretching so much that you'll wonder if you should've bought a smaller size. it's also a great length for fall/winter and looks fabulous with boots. i just wish i could find the perfect buttondown shirt so i can tuck it in and show off the cute detail buckle in back!
It is very hard to find a great midi denim skirt. pomona's is very stylish, well made, and looks great on. i had to exchange my size 10 for a size 12 and am awaiting its arrival, remaining hopeful it will provide a better fit. first time in my life i have purchased a 12 so can't say for sure whether the skirt runs small or i am now running larger. i recommend this skirt.
Love this tshirt! casual but can be dressed up with wedges and a scarf!
The model in this photo should be standing tall, because this dress looks absolutely fabulous right out of the tissue paper! i ordered a small, and am 130pounds 5'5"- the dress fits like a glove, and is a pull over style. the nude slip- lining connected to the outer shell works wonders and allows for a full coverage feel, yet nice breezy, sexy appeal. this dress can be worn to work, on a hot date, and even a nice weekend look. when i say slimming i mean it. the center detail- grabs the most perf
I feel really cool wearing this skirt :-) a nice alternative to the jeans that are my standard uniform. loooks great with short boots. i'm wearing it as i write this review--and was wearing it all day. awesome skirt!
I am 5'6" and run between a size 9-10 pant. i ordered the size 10 skirt and the waist fit perfectly and so did the back of the skirt, which i was afraid might be loose (i don't really have a butt but it fits nicely). looks like the picture so the skirt goes straight down, it does not taper to smaller width like some regular pencil skirts might so the bottom part will not be fitted, for your reference. the denim actually has quite a lot of stretch so it's very comfortable as well as the waistband
I bought this in the neutral motif and my expectations before trying it on weren't high but i was sold once i was in the dress. sometimes dresses that have the elastic band in the waist can be tricky if you don't have a perfectly flat tummy and can accentuate the tiniest bump. however, this dress sits perfectly on the waist and is actually super slimming. i wasn't 100% sold on the pattern or color (i wish it was more off white than brown) but the fit was so great that i had to buy it! the dress
Ordered this in the neutral motif, size large and it's a great little dress. comfortable and cute, but modest enough that i'm not worried about my bust (38d) hanging out too much. the v-neck hits at the perfect spot. the sleeves are the perfect 3/4 length, not too tight and it's not too short on me (5'9"). i'm a light blonde and i don't feel washed out in this. it hides a little belly well without being a tent. also, the lining is super soft and flexible. the only problem is the upper back falls
Great dress that can be casual or dressy. well-made and comes with.a built-in slip.
I just received this dress and it so adorable with the pineapple print, really flattering on and very well made. the shoulder styling and cut out in the back makes it really stand out for style. the con for this cute styling is it is not bra friendly no matter what bra you wear. even strapless will show in the back cut out as it is open where most bras go. it has handy side pockets and fits very true to size. i'm a 12 in most dresses and the 12 fit perfectly everywhere. but, i am sending it back
Love this top-i love the colors, flow and that you can wear with a regular bra and straps are covered. i was torn between the xs and s but went with the s due to length. have already worn several times with a casual white jean summer skirt and crops. love love love.
Perfect for day at the beach! i'm 5'6 and the length is just right above knee not too short. fresh and cool cotton. comfortable feel.
Absolutely gorgeous! words can't describe the beauty of this dress! i hope they will restock it cause i would order size s (didn't know how it runs).
This top is gorgeous and better than the web photo. i love that it goes with the off-the-shoulder trend while allowing for a normal bra - in fact, it even has the little snaps at the shoulders to hold your straps in place (awesome detail). the ruffled portion looks good over or under your arms, length hit at about my hip (5'7" with long torso; 125lbs, 32b) and, and it has an overall flowy but not sacklike fit. i found this to fit tts (bought my usual s). beautiful vivid print looks great with wh
I agree with the other reviewers about sizing down in this tee. the colors are beautiful and design lovely. i love how the sleeves are finished and the neckline. i purchased at my local retailer store along with the flower days tee (that i purchased in a larger size because of the differences in the design of the two shirts). highly recommend both!
When i first saw this i thought it was a bit boxy but i was drawn to the colors. the arm-holes are a little large and i got an xs (normally wear a size 2), so i will probably wear a tank underneath, but overall the fit is relaxed and comfortable. i love the colors. it has a little longer length (i'm 5'5"). i see this being cute with white jeans, blue jeans. love it!
I ordered the red in xl and the fit on me matches the photos on the model. it's true to size. the quality of the material is fantastic. the stitched upper portion is well-done. the color is much prettier in person. it's such a bright, cheerful, well-made top. i washed mine and air dried it. fits & looks great after washing. this is a bargain, especially on sale. the red combo is such a unique mix of colors. i like using blue jewelry with it. but, also mint green jewelry too.
The fabric is very soft, love the purple floral color. the top is very flattering with the ease and comfort of a t-shirt.
Great dress for a full figure. forget about the horizontal stripes. you can wear this with great style and get away with wearing those dreaded stripes. the possibilities have been great because i wear this dress with sweater vests, athletic vests, sweaters, jackets and wool scarves. i have worn this dress with cowboy boots, dress boots and pumps and it looks great with all options. the material is thick enough that panty lines don't show. women of different ages stop me and tell me they want thi
Great shirt, more of a stretch to it than i thought it would. very flowy, looks great with jeans & leggings.
This dress is chick but funky! the material is knit but not the usual itchy knit. it's comfortable and cool. the colors of the stripes are cool - they're earthy and go well with black, brown, blue and gray. this is going to be a favorite for years.
Loved this blouse the moment i tried it on! it is one of "those" items for me. it does run large so size down. if you are concerned about the arms don't be. i usually go between a medium and large and the medium was perfectly roomy without being to large.
Love this shirt. the print is a little loud, but cute. i always upsize shirts due to my bust size and not liking them to be too clingy. however, that was a mistake with this shirt. there was too much fabric around the midsection with the larger size. i did like it enough to order again in the correct size (l). i am a size 14 and busty, if that helps. the red is short-sleeved, by the way if ordered online, cute and flattering.
I have four kids and a post baby bump that wants to live on forever, so i'm a huge fan of flowy tops--this one looked cute online, but i wasn't sold on it and passed. then i went to the store the next day and saw it, and the colors were more vibrant, so i thought, why not try it on, though i wasn't that excited about it. i tried it on and it was like the shirt was having her cinderalla moment--totally transformed how it looked on me and in person. i love it! it was one of those instant "i'm buyi
Love this shirt. it's easy to throw on and makes a cute outfit with about any kind of bottoms. i've wore it with leggings and jeans.
This top is soft, comfortable and drapes nicely. the print makes it fresh and different. i sized down to a small.
Perfect fit shirt. super cute and very comfortable. i purchased a size xl at first but it was too large, l fit perfect. i'm normally a size 14 on top, but this runs large.
A great white blouse! i expected this top to be sheer and yet it's quite opaque. i bought the white in a size small, i find it true to size and the silhouette is very flattering. relaxed yet super polished look.
Absolutely love this top. followed reviewer advice to size down and got the medium. good choice and probably could have gotten a small. love the fabric and pattern. it's so light and pretty. love the marriage of bare shoulders with sleeves.
This dress is amazing. bought in orange and fits wonderfully. great quality and could transition in between seasons
I love shift dresses and i love t linen so this one was a must for me. i had it in my inbox as soon as it came out on the website and then i found it in the store and had to try it on. i took the six and the eight to the fitting room because i run in between, and the six fit better so i guess it runs a little bit large. really it just depends on how you want it to fit. the length is great too, about 3 inches above my knee, i'm 5 foot 5, which is exactly where i like my dresses to hit. i got the
I purchased this in store and the red motif is short sleeved as pictured. the pattern is fun, vibrant and great for summer months. it's a more substantial weight fabric, not sheer or clingy. the fit is tts and it is a slightly longer length which i loved.
Purchased this in the burnt orange color - very nice! will be lightweight for our hot, humid summers but has a bit of pizazz with the lace up front. the slip is nicely made with strap attachments in the shoulders so they do not slip. i wear a ton of dresses in the summer so this will definitely be a go to item for all the horse races we attend.  looking forward to snagging a nice derby style hat to match!
I love this piece !   i purchased it on sale months ago and when  i wear it i just love it!!  it looks great with every outfit the neutral colors perfect it's very light very hip looking one of my very favorite pieces of clothing  i'm very petite and i believe only the small was available but fits fine  would love more of these genuine leather pieces at purchasable prices   thx retailer!
This product is made of good-quality cotton material. it does run a little large, but it still fits nicely. i like the fact that the design is both on the front and face of the garment.
I saw an outfit post of a gorgeous lady in this dress so i had to try it. it's so flattering and well constructed, if a little longer than i usually prefer. i'll just have to wear pumps with it. i don't have the right bra so i just pinned the straps to a bit of ribbon in front to pull them underneath the dress. it does have pockets, also. i ordered the 12 and it fits beautifully. for reference i have a 40" bust and 33" waist.
I just want you guys to be aware that the red print is not short sleeved! we have this in store and both are 3/4 length sleeves! great material and fit.
I ordered the orange motif in short sleeves.and i got what i ordered- and love it. it is a little big, but i wanted a looser top. i was looking for something bright and fun for the spring time that i could wear to work with nice slacks or dress down with jeans. this top meets my needs for sure. i really like the detailing on the top collar-bone area. my husband loved that it was bright and cheerful- so i take this as a win!
This was just what i wanted. a simple design (so many of retailer's suits have way too much going on) and this one fit the bill. sexy, strappy and clean. i can't wait to live in this top this summer.
So happy to say this dress was built for my body type.  i'm heavier & wider in my upper body so the cut of the bodice/halter fits perfectly and comfortably.  going in at the waist and flaring out to a soft a-line, the skirt pleating lays just right since i have no hips or booty.  yes, the fabric is heavier weight, so i wouldn't recommend wearing in hot & humid weather.  i love the unique print & colors!  i do not own anything in this color combination.  the retro vibe is strong in this one so i
I bought this shirt in white, i have worn it 2 ways so far and love it. i wore it under a pull over and had the tail ends stick out and it was great that way, and i wore it with a long cardigan. i received a lot of compliments on it. i will be buying it in red!!
The print and fit of this dress is perfect! it's very flattering and slimming.
I tried this dress on in the store in the mango color but opted to order the blue. the dress is beautifully made and the fit is fantastic.
I purchased the mango. it is flattering with my olive skin and golden brown hair. i am keeping it. i'm used to linen so no surprises there. i agree with a reviewer that said it will work in summer and fall. i could wear this walking on the beach, to a summer casual dinner party. i plan on wearing gold sandals and gold jewelry. this will make the feel more summertime. then i will wear boots with it in the fall. i'm very happy with the choice. my store didn't have the blue. the fit is tts. i'm 5 f
Really pretty blue top. great for wearing around the house if you want to be comfy and casual yet look good in case your neighbor shows up at your door, of if you have to run a quick errand! if your wear it with distressed jeans it will add to the casual vibe. the blue is vivid and perfect for any hair color. don't get me wrong. the top is casual and cute. it is not sloppy and has an international, worldly vibe. i recommend it.
I love the sweater online and even more in person! i paired it with a long sleeve top with a bell sleeve and it looked great!! very bohemian look!
I saw this dress on someone and knew immediately i had to have it.  it is stunning in person.
This worked for me, very elegant, cozy and comfortable.
Extreme comfort for travel and out door activities.
I ordered top and pants online as seen. pants are of good quality and hang beautiful.  i love the color and quality of the fabric. nice and vibrant. nice fit at the top into a flowy drape. the top runs big and glad i ordered down one size. love the outfit for my upcoming island trip.
This jacket is beautiful and easily dresses an outfit up and can just as easily be dressed down and worn casually. i consistently wear a size 8/10/m and have this piece in xs. the reviews do not lie - size down!
A gorgeous and vibrant print! love the ruffles on the bottom and the detailing of the straps in the back. perfect for a beach day!
Great alternative to yoga pants, these pants are stylish and on-trend but also easy going. dress them up or throw on a hoodie and your look is instantly transformed with very little effort!
This is going to be perfect for my daughter's graduation. she is in love with it and it looks amazing on her!
The previous review was right: this jacket/coat feels and looks expensive. nice weight, very soft. pattern is better in person. i normally always wear a l and in this, i can't decide between the s or m.
These jeans are amazing. they are so comfortable.  they have a great amount of stretch but do not sag even after wearing them all day. i am 5'4" and 135 lbs and purchased  my usual size 27. i did have to have them shortened  but only b/c i bought in store and did not have the petite online option. i have worn them on several occasions. great purchase.
I love these pants! they are comfortable and dressy enough for work! the wide leg is the perfect size and the higher waist is professional! these are also nice and long for wearing heels. i ordered a size 27 and they fit great. i normally wear a size 6 in us sizing.
These fit beautifully and are very flattering. they are true to size but may be a little long. i am 5'5" and wear these with 2 in. heels. i have already had numerous compliments on them.
These pants are really cute and comfortable. the fit is very nice.
I have always been partial to palazzo pants. these fit like a dream and are very comfortable.
Softest denim -- they feel like they've been through the wash a hundred times already! i'm pleased that the belt is removable as it adds just a bit too much bulk for me. i'm 5'4" and bought the petite for a perfect fit. these will become a go-to pair!
I love these bottoms they are super cute, comfy and very flatering. finally a bikini botom i feel comfotable in after having my babies. its just high enough to cover my stretch marks on top and the ruffles cover the one down low :) and fits loosly enough to avoid a muffin top. i am normally between a size 8 and ten 145 lbs. and i ordered size large.
I'm really glad i read the previous reviews on this. i'm normally between a 27 or 28. thought a 28 would work best for me seeing that it's high waisted but i recommend sizing down on these guys, the 27 fits very comfortably.   i"m 5'7 and i can wear them with flats.
I have been waiting for these to go on sale for some time now, and so happy to day they still had my size...in both colors. i don't usually buy 2 things the same in different colors, but in this case, i did...  fit true to size for me, almost had a hard mite buttoning... but they are stretchy, so don't buy a bigger size, they will stretch. could not decide which color to keep so kept both... i ordered the 25p (0p) - i am 5'1.5", and 115 lbs... i think these are vanity sized, but my usual vanit
I bought these to wear to a christmas party with a lacy blouse, but found they were what's been missing in my life. after wearing them nearly every other day, i decided i needed another pair.  feel like yoga pants but look polished. make your butt look perky and your legs slim. .... maybe i need another pair!
Saw these at my local retailer store and almost didn't try them on. so glad i did. they made my legs look long and lean. they run a little big and i decided to go down a size because i think they may stretch out after wearing for awhile. the material is fairly thick but i think that helped in making them appear to slim my hips, butt and thighs. the material is really pretty stretchy and that made them so comfortable. i love how i look in these!!!
This dress is gorgeous! the colors are deep and rich and the fabric is super soft. the top part is lined but still avoids feeling like it would be too hot when the temperatures warm up. bonus-- a regular bra works perfectly underneath without anything showing, even with the deep v neckline. while the waist does sit a bit high, it works perfectly on my body-- emphasizes the smallest part of my waist and then flows away. it drapes nicely, not too full and not too clingy. i am 5'7 and a true size 6
Great fit and style. the color is perfect for spring, they have a nautical feel to them.
Me: 5'6", 130, waist 28/39, hips 36/37. tried the size 27, the usual for me in pilcro. they fit like a glove and i loved them. i clearly needed a 2-3" heel to do them justice and now i see the photos of my rear i'm a bit doubtful but pilcros always stretch a little and these are super soft and funky. a win!
I bought this dress for my wedding rehearsal dinner. it's beautiful. the material is thicker than i imagined, not a bad thing at all. i ironed it with lots of steam and it came out great. the tie in back is nice because it can be cinched tight or worn more loosely
I bought this in black last year and i love it. i also like the two prints offered here but unfortunately the matching tops aren't really my style and these prints wouldn't be so easy to mix and match. please offer in other solid colors! i would buy all of them, this skirt is really that fabulous.   not only does it fit well and run true to size, it also comes up a bit further than other swim skirts i have tried on, and gives a little more tummy coverage. but not too much! somehow it hits me a
I love these pants! so comfortable and the material is so soft.
Great fit, comfortable and stylish. easy to dress up or down, excellent item for any wardrobe.
I love these jeans. they are flattering and don't sag after wearing them for a hour or two. they look great with flats or booties.
This darling dress has a fun boho vibe to it and the color/pattern would flatter a variety of skin tones. a long necklace is a must with this dress. it has a flowy drape below the waist so it's a generous fit. i purchased the medium.
I ordered this in xs and s. they both fit very well and i couldn't tell much difference between the two. i kept the s as it seemed to have a little more length on it. i am 5'4" about 120#. i wish this were offered in lots of different solids and more patterns (the taupe and white stripe...hint hint hint) too. it's just perfect. i am in my mid 40s and have young kids so it's great for my life right now! comfortable too!
I ordered the petite size 27 and the fit is just like on the model...not tight at all and very flattering. even the petite length is long on me and i will need to wear wedges or something with a heel but honestly that makes them even more flattering...makes my legs look long! i am 5'4" and about 118#. the material is so soft and substantial...the color is very accurately portrayed online. i can't wait to wear this fall!
I typically wear a 26 or 27 in jeans, had to size up to a 28 in these. the legs felt fine in the size 27, but the waistband was a bit tight, so i went with the 28s. i am 5'2" 115lbs. i'll also be hemming or possibly just cutting these off, they are about 4 inches longer on me compared to the model pictured.
I adore these jeans! i bought them in a size 31 but probably could have gone with a 30. i decided to keep them anyway and have been very pleased. the fit is flattering. the color is perfect! i prefer these gray jeans to any other color for most outfits. the waist is a little higher than i'm used to, but that makes the fit even more flattering and helps prevent the "sagging out" issue that my older paige skinny jeans have.  i love these jeans and definitely recommend them for hourglass shapes. mo
This dress is gorgeous! i ordered it because i was getting other things and there was free shipping., i am 5'3.5" and abt 123 lbs. usually between an xs and s and also between reg & petite. sometimes i have to order multiple sizes to get a decent fit. i ordered a sz small petite and it's perfect. super soft, great colors, perfect length!! love it!
These pants are flattering yet comfortable. i am thrilled that they are available in tall sizes because i am 6 feet tall. the 36 inch inseam is perfect and for me prevents the problem of "high water" pants. the zippered pockets are flattering yet useful. the high rise waist is wonderful. these pants are perfect for wear in a number of occasions. they are great.
I have never been able to find a maxi dress that just fits me. i'm pretty short (5'2") and the xs petite comes exactly to my ankles. no hemming necessary! the neckline is very flattering and the waist is a semi-empire elastic waistline that makes this dress both elegant and comfortable. the dress is very stretchy but doesn't look like it. it is absolutely one of my "summer staples" now - especially for traveling. if i could have this dress in fifty different patterns i would.
These are the perfect dressy 'jeans'. they are super soft but have the right amount of structure. they sit higher on the waist, which is one reason they are so flattering. the other reason is the flared, long leg! very long, in fact. i'm 5'5, 130 lbs and ordered a size 28. they fit me perfectly but i do have to wear them with my tall heels - which makes them perfect for work, with pumps as well as for casual outfits with tall wedges. if my size wasn't sold out, i'd order another pair - they are
Trousers fit tts with nice thick fabric and great fit. the length was perfect for my 5'9 height. they are flattering very nice quality.
They fit perfectly and the stretch makes them very comfortable.
Sits slightly below waist, i bought size 30p, length is good no alteration required for petite height 5'4 and 136lb. material is good and i recommend them.
I have a tough time shopping for jeans because almost everything that fits my butt is too big in the waist. also, i have thick thighs so that's an issue and i hate shopping for jeans. these are so much cuter on than on the hanger. try them. you won't regret it. so flattering.
I ordered these in the blue size 28p. i am 5' 120 lbs. a size 6p and curvy. the jeans fit very nicely in thigh and hip area (and i don't have skinny thighs). the jean is not a low rise which is what i was looking for. i was looking for a jean that was a little dressier yo wear out to grab a drink or catch a movie. these jeans fit the bill because they give off a polished vibe, especially when paired with a dressier top, blazer, skinny belt and heels. also, i like that the jeans don't have the to
I am a huge fan of all things "mother" brand now. they fit great and are true to size! they have just the right amount of stretch, but maintain their fit all day.
Runs big so size down. i love this top for many reasons but armholes are big so went to xs and i am usually a small or medium. xs was perfect and still long enough for me. gorgeous fabric and color and flow. got tons of compliments! very feminine and comfy. looks great with jeans and white crops.
Perfect in every way- easy to wear-very feminine, comfy and goes with everything. only problem is color is not like picture. it is a mauve not a light pink. i still love this top and the color it camre in. brighten up with lipstick- necklace- earrings- whatever your pick. highly recommend. a winner!!!
This blouse does have a flowy, boxy shape to it but the details make up for that. when i wear it tucked into a skirt it looks wonderfully flattering. i tried on an xs and considered looking for a xxs but i feel that size would probably end up being too short instead of more fitted.
I didn't look at this dress twice online but when i tried it on in the store i was floored. it was beautiful, flattering, and so much fun.
This top is gorgeous in person! i got the small because at 5'5", 127 pounds and a 30f chest, you never know how a top will fit. however, this one is big. i definitely needed the xs which is now sold out. i'll be taking in the sides because the arm holes show too much bra and there's a ton of extra fabric that makes it way too blouse. love this shirt though and am not willing to part with it!
I am an retailer employee and this top just screamed my name when it arrived in our store. i love the colors and the feminine flair of this top. i am short and this top is a little longer on me than pictured on the model. i like the fact that it is a bit longer, it helps cover up some of my extra assets. the top is to big at the arm holes which is the story i have heard from my customers who did not purchase the top even though they loved it. i should have purchased the xxs online, it would
I got this top in the "brown" color, although it is really more of a burnt rose, or light sienna shade and it is just lovely. i love the color. the fit is just right, comfortable and a good length. it feels very well-made and has beautiful details from the pleated collar/neckline to the slightly sheer upper back panel. i have only one tiny issue with this top: in the very front where it buttons, there is no lining or fabric behind the crocheted lace panels. in retrospect, i can see this slightly
I just ordered this top and so far really like it, it is pretty and feminine and comfortable. the one thing i would note is that the lace running down the center has holes which you can see through, unlike the lace to each side. it's not extremely noticeable, but i am planning on wearing a cami under it. i ordered a small and it fits pretty well but is definitely on the looser side, i wonder if possibly the extra small would work for me, but i'm fairly tall so i went with the small.
Super flattering dress. love it. makes my waist look tiny. great fit and flare style without making me look pregnant! i love the fabric. will be great as a travel dress (packs easy, doesn't need to be ironed really, substantial fabric). love it. i think it runs large since i'm rarely a 2 at retailer, but i find that maeve runs all over the place. i'm usually a 4 at retailer and i got a 2 in this.
I love this blouse. it reminds me of something out of europe with the swiss dot and crochet delicate sleeves. i ordered the xsp and it fits perfect. i'm 4' 11" so the shortness of the top isn't a factor. the material drapes nicely and doesn't make me look wide or boxy. i was afraid that the sleeves were going to be overly puffy put luckily they are not. the only thing to note is that the color is more on the tan / beige side rather than pink. i find with a lot of retailer tops that the colors are
I tried this on in the ivory color because it was on sale and i thought it "might" be sort of cute. a comfy, flowy, warmer to cooler weather transition top. little did i know how much i would fall in love with it! i tried it on over like 3 things in the fitting room, including a black strapless maxi dress i wore into the store, and it still looked great! it is comfortable, loose, and goes with pretty much anything (i've tried and still haven't found anything it looks bad over). it's not super dr
I tried on this dress in store and was amazed by the quality and simple structure of the dress. bought it with no hesitation.
Absolutely beautiful dress. i'm 5'11 and this dress works for tall girls:))
No need to be on the fence about this top, it's lovely! what you see pictured here, is exactly what you get, even the color of the top is 100% accurate. for reference i'm usually an xl/16, apple shape, 40 c bust, and this xl does not cling at all to me, so you may even be able to size down. the drape of the clipdot fabric is flattering, and thick enough not to need a cami. all of the fabrics used are nice and soft... and the details! it's going to be a beautiful spring!
I saw this dress a few weeks ago in the store, tried it on but didn't have anywhere in mind to wear it so i passed. noticed it on sale online and had to order. it is so comfortable and flattering. the material is thicker therefore it keeps a nice shape. not slinky at all.
This top is my favorite spring item. the color is a soft petal, but it doesn't wash me out (i'm a sandy paleface), and the details make it special. the cut is a little wide (i sized down), but it's also forgiving and perfect with slim pants or a pencil skirt. it's really a find.
I ordered this on a whim and am so glad that i did. it's a great color shirt and the embroidery is perfect. i like the length of the shirt.
This dress is made of a wonderful, thick material that is flattering. i think the photo doesn't really bring it to life- it's a great dress that can dressed up and is at least a 3 season dress thanks to the colors. the v-neck is a little deep if you are bustier but not inappropriate for a slightly more casual office. it runs a bit large and the fabric has some give so i would potentially size down. i also think if you are more narrow shouldered it might not be the best fit without a nip and tuck
I love floreat and was excited to find this top on sale. i received multiple compliments the first day i wore it. it is true that it might be better with a bit less fabric but it wasn't a deal breaker for me. the flowy shape it ideal for summer.
I love this tank to wear alone because it is soft and more lovely than a basic plain tank. it is especially great to layer with a sweater/ cardigan. the colors are always fabulous and the design is wonderfully feminine. i own several and love them all. it's a great value especially on sale. i normally wear a size 6 and the small fits perfectly.
I love this top! it is sheer, so wear a cami, but it so pretty, i will wear it a lot! a winner for sure.
Beautiful and delicate!!
This dress is beautiful and extremely flattering- i have an hourglass shape, and this dress highlighted that perfectly. the pictures online do not do it justice.
I love the tie-dye look! i ordered the blue color in my usual size small. fit is tts. love it!. just a fyi: 1. on mine, one arm is a darker blue tie-dye, the other is very light (color variation). 2. the white band on the mock-neck doesn't give much, so be careful when putting on/taking off.  i think it's pricey, but ordered during the promo so that made it better. it came yesterday, put it on w/ my washed blue skinny jeans, out to dinner we went!
The top is gorge, it may look somewhat slouchy but it falls perfect and looks great, especially the navy color with white jeans. i liked it so much i ordered the ivory color too. beware the quality of this top is extremely delicate and if you don't want it to snag, do not wear a bracelet that can snag it.
This top is awesome!! it is feminine and flattering at the same time! the color also makes it a little romantic. i will wear it with jeans or very a little dressier night out, black pants. buy this and you will not be disappointed!
For myself it brings out the playful side of me. it is flows and just looks lovely. i wore it with a white denim skirt, and booties. i know white, and it looked great. the fabric is beautiful, and in the sun it is breathtaking
Love this dress! accents your curves and slims you waist!
These tights are wonderful, exactly as pictured (but the shimmer is more apparent in person), definitely true to size, and super comfy! the only tricky part is finding the right shoes to pair with.
I almost never buy full price but i did with this skirt.  it is adorable! saw it in the store.  it is too short to wear to work but is fine for casual wear.  i am a size 14 but the largest one they had was a 12 and it fit perfectly.  i&#39;d size down. the fabric is stiff and the a-line stands out.  colors are southwesternish.  can be worn with any color top.  i bought a cream colored top to wear with it (that was on the sale rack) but i'm sure there are plenty things in the closet that will go.
I'm 5"1, 115 and bought the small. i buy most retailer tops in xs but the small fit well - not too tight and is flattering. the colors are as seen and are a soft muted color. the material is thin which is fine for hot weather and i haven't washed so can't say how colors will hold and how well material will hold but have high expectations for retailer apparel. this will work well to wear with shorts or a navy maxi skirt. adds a nice touch of color for spring and summer.
Very lovely dress!!! perfect in all ways. although i do find it to run big. i ordered the small, and i usually wear a 4 to 6 in a dress. there is a lot of fabric, but it lays nicely. it's mostly just the arm hole. it's rather large showing the strapless bra. so, deciding if i should size down, if there isn't a huge change in sizing, or keep and have altered. if anyone has tried in both the xs and sm i will watch for comments overall size differences. i have the black and white, and wish now i wo
The photo does not do this top justice. the design of this peplum is very slimming and the colors are complimentary to any skin tone. i usually wear a m (10) but purchased the l based on other reviews. it fits perfectly.  would highly recommend!
I love the feel and drape of silk. this dress has lovely drape, and fantastic color. i think if paired with the right sweater and leggings, this will work well into the fall, and also transition into other seasons if you are savvy! the only awkward point about this dress is that you must wear a belt with it if you have an hourglass shape, otherwise it's a beautiful swing fit.
I bought this top in pink today and it is a beautiful bright pink spring color. i did have to size down from my normal size six all the way down to a 2 due to armholes being being too big. i tend to have a chronic problems with armholes being big so not sure others may find the same problem however i typically size down to a 4 when armholes too big. plenty of room in body still but i lost some length. i do have a short torso so can get a way with this. aside from my armhole problem it is a gorge
Love this top! bought it in the relish color - loved it so much bought the green too! usually wear a small but the medium was perfect.
I love this top. fit is perfect for me. shows just the right amount of cleavage. wore it to dinner on my birthday and got a ton of compliments!
Have worn this top multiple times with jeans. neckline makes even those of us who are small busted look great up top!
This top is all around great for summer... i've worn it to festivals, for casual workwear, etc. love the colors, they're vibrant. this top could even be worn on the warmer days of fall with a light jacket over it.
Just bought the patterned and gray. the small fit perfect. i do have a short torso though. chest size 32dd. i tried the medium but then the underarm portion was too wide. i might have gotten a medium petite but small petite would have been too small i think. i hope the quality holds up which was the only thing i wasn't sure of. great summer tank to throw on with jeans or shorts.
This flared skirt caught my attention the first time it came up in the website.  i am more a florals and lace kind of girl but the flattering shape and stripes kept me going back to it agin and again.  i finally saw it in person at my store and needed to try it on.  perfect! the colors are matte and not metallic as i thought based on the website photo.  you can definitely dress it down with a chambray too or t shirt.  i wore it to a work meeting and can't wait to wear it again.  it's a bit on th
The design on the blue sweater is actually a dark navy (not black, as i thought it was), but it still looks beautiful with black underneath. rather than jeans like it's shown, the v-neck is a nice change from other cardigans i have - looks great with a cami or another v-neck underneath it. soft, nice medium-weight and not at all itchy. happy with this as an easy everyday sweater.
Top is blouse and long enough to stay tucked in if you want.  like the laser cut detail front and back.  sleeveless is great for summer months here.  can wear to work or dress down with jeans.  fit is true to size.  i am 5'5", slim and small busted so anything fits me.  i would think it you're busty it would be fine as it's a blousy fit. the color is more of a salmon pink which works for me.  however if your looking for a true pink it may not work.
I ordered this in an 8p yellow. the yellow is more of a rich golden yellow than the easter yellow i see on my monitor that i was hoping it'd be, but i'm keeping it because it fits me perfectly. i am chesty for my size (32ddd), and somehow i don't look bigger than i am in this top. i also have broad shoulders and this doesn't feel tight when i move my arms. bonus that it has loops to keep your bra straps in place! i have to dock a star though because there are quite a few fabric threads to trim f
I have been eyeing this dress for months and finally, a sale. the pattern is beautiful and is a great quality. the fit: it is a swing dress, so if you are a bigger girl, this may not be flattering; try a belt though. the high neck could be a bother for some-it does fit close to the neck, but not tight. also, size down...two sizes. i do usually a medium and i went with a petite small. finally, this dress can be worn in summer and winter. i do a belt and a blazer for office and a light sweater for
This is a great top and worth the money. nice flow to it, soft material and light weight for hot summer days. many light weight tops are sheer and require a cami - this one does not which is key for those of us that live in hot climates. don't miss out!
I love this dress and would have bought it on the spot without hesitation if i just had an event to wear it to! i am plus sized (18 pants, 16 dress, 5' 7", 36-38 ddd) and i never size down but i was able to with this dress because it is so flowy. the dress hit just below my knee and the only fit difference i saw when i tried on the petite is that it was slightly shorter (still no thigh showing). this would be flattering on absolutely anyone! if you are worried about bulges this dress will give y
This skirt is beautiful, i even have the perfect shirt to wear with it, sadly, though, i have to decide between too many nice things... what to do! i tried on the 0, and it fits me perfectly. above the knee, waist just right (26.5 in). colors are fun and great for fall, but could also summer-ize the skirt.fabric is thick, however, and well-made. i highly recommen, but leave a 0 for me!
I purchased the purple motif in petite size small. it hits just the right length for me, but i can see that if i were any larger chested, it might be an issue. (for reference, i'm a 32d, 5'4, 112lb.) it's very forgiving on the tummy area, without looking bulky (other moms know what i'm talking about and understand my appreciation for this). the shirt is also a nice quality, really comfortable, and it's easy to wear with jeans, shorts, skirts, etc., making it a welcome versatile piece.
I purchased the coral color. i'm usually between an xs and small in this brand, and i felt the top runs a tad small, so the small fit much better. simple and flattering top.
I really love this top, great colors, comfortable, long enough (always a problem for me), light but feels quality fabric and nice details.
This top is amazing!! i thought it looked really cute in the photos but it's even cuter online. the material is great and you can't go wrong with the fit. i love tops that are loose and flowy, so when i'm feeling a bit bloated i can still look cute in tops. this one is definitely a must!
The only negative thing i have to say is that the color in person is different than the picture- it is much more of a coral pink than a rosy pink, which is fine just a tad unexpected! i ordered a size 8 and it fits perfectly (32ddd chest). the laser cut outs in the yoke add a very nice feminine, unique touch to an otherwise basic top. i can't wait to wear it!
Very true to size. i'm a sm-med or 6-8. my sizing varies widely at retailer and this was a perfect medium fit. adorable with jeans or shorts. or dress up with suit or pencil skirt. i have the blue/green.
Great shirt. i couldn't picture the material but it's washable and great for hot days when you want to look styling.
I usually try to avoid paying full price for items but saw this in the store and couldn't pass it up! tried it on in my usual size, 2p, and had to have it. i bought the white/black one, and it looks great with black capris. fabric is lightweight and airy; perfect for hot summer days.
If you're looking for pretty and flowy, this is it! i frequently wear xs in retailer sizing, but in this top i went with a s. 5'4", 123lbs, 34a. love the top but debating on keeping it because i'm not sure the yellow color looks great on my slightly olive skin....great with legging capris for summer
This is a great top! i love the color of the pink... it is the perfect color of pink; not too bright or too light, but a pretty pink-coral spring color! i am fair skinned and this color looks great on. i got the 0 regular and it fits perfect. i am 5'2" and 110lbs. i usually get petite but i can't imagine this shirt being shorter... it's a great length. i can wear it slightly tucked in or out without it looking sloppy. it also hides any belly issues for those mamas out there. love it! perfect fo
This is a perfect casual too to pair with jns and shorts for spring!!
I bought this at my local retailer store. i bought the last one and when i walked out of the dressing room a lady asked if i was buying it..uh yeah! this is so cute with jeans or pants and booties. i bought the yellow. its lightweight and perfect for work or weekend. ive received many compliments. the arm holes were small for me, i bought a size 6, normally i'm a small or xs in most tops. i am 5-2, 130 lbs, petite and fit, the 6 regular was perfect for me, i was ok with it a little longer.
Nice to have colors rather than a solid top. i actually bought the pink also because i like the fit so much. i'm 5'8", 140 and wear a size 6, tts. i like the cut and it's long enough, which can sometimes be a problem for me.
This top is beautiful and fits true to size, 4ft 11inches and 114 lbs and i purchased the xs. i was at the montclair location today and they had this top in white, lavendar, the pattern which is displayed online and gray. the white was see through so you will definitely have to wear an under garment with it. this top will be perfect for the spring with a cardigan or by itself in the summer. i still have a little stomach left over from my second pregnancy and this top hides it well. i decided to
I love this tank - the colors are great and the fit is flattering. the fabric is lightweight but not cheap or so thin that you need to wear something under it. i am 5'7" and the length was fine for me.
I received tons of compliments on this dress. the print is fun and works well with the modest shape. i love the high neckline and the long hem. it's different and cool. my only complaint: the arm holes fall super low. i didn't realize until i looked at photos but my bra was very visible.
Super cute with skinny jeans. true to size. i'm size 4, 138 pounds and 34c got a small
I love this sweater because it is so versatile! it looks casual with jeans, but i plan to wear it to the opera with dressy black slacks. the beautiful black embroidery is unusual and asymmetrical in back.
Love this top! such a fun pattern and style. soft too! easily paired with a sweater or light weight denim/cargo jackets for fall. i generally wear an xs in retailer tops and purchased this in a 2 which is a perfect fit. it could be a tad more roomy in the chest, however the 4 would be too big overall.
This was the best purchase of the summer. it's cute and comfortable without being too baggy/loose. i get compliments every time i wear it. fits true to size. i bought the floral (orange) one. couldn't be happier!
I bought 2 in the store.  i usually order large petite but i was in the store which doesn't have petites, so i tried a large, and it was tight in the bust, but i loved the shape.  i ended up buying xl's and taking them up at the shoulders to make it a petite fit.  gives me a small looking waistline.
Great fit! for reference, i am 5'7", 160 lbs and bought a size medium. there is a piece of fabric that acts as a cami underneath to prevent any unwanted reveal with the lace up. soft fabric and falls beautifully!
I bought this in blue and love it. i usually wear an xs to small in retailer shirts and a small to medium in dresses. i ended up with an extra small petite in this. it is really flattering and hides the stomach enough. i highly recommend the dress if you size way down.
I absolutely love this top. i thought it was going to be to big but it fits perfectly. fitted and flattering.
This is my favorite kind of neckline. it is very flattering & cool for summer. my only complaint is the armpit scoops down a little too low. but i will just wear a bandeau underneath it. its super cute. will be great for vacationing & next summer.
I love how it fits very flattering! the quality of the cotton part of this top is a little less in quality of that fabric than i expected. but i love this top and i foresee wearing it all year round!
This is really a nice piece. briefs have nice coverage and more of a hipster but you can also easily pair the top with just black briefs. i only sent it back because the tankini style pushed up my love handles and didn't look quite right but for many others it would work nicely.
This top is adorable ,i finally broke down and bought it,so happy i did fits good,not too long sits at hip were it should (very flattering) i went with the reviews and sized up,i am a petite sx normally in retailer,but went with what the reviews said and got a reg small glad i did!it is a bit snug(not tight) in the chest,but has stretch to it , i am 5'1 108 33d (if you are bigger in the chest i would recommend a medium,) i got the purple motif (print) no see thru issues,the material is a comfortab
The top is adorable, but probably better to wait for a sale as the full price is a little high for a simple top like this. i got the print one and it's very true to size.
I love the fit of the peplum top. it's flattering without being too full on the bottom. the print is lovely and great for summer and spring!
Normally i would never try on anything with horizontal stripes.... but for some reason, i saw it in my store and gave the dress a try. fit is perfect, and dress is lined. (side note: my store had the navy dress and the stripes are horizontal and not diagonal as pictured on the model- dress looks like the ivory dress.) can be dressed up or down, so ill be a great summer go to dress. i am a curvy girl and because of the different widths of the stripes the dress works and is very flattering. i'm ve
My normal size m fit well but i wouldn't want it to shrink any. hangs well.
I absolutely love this top! i bought it in white and ended up buying it in the lavender as well. the top is very flattering and works with any occasion. the fabric is a little thin but its fine with a nude bra. i have worn the top to work and out at night and i always get lots of compliments!
I am really happy with these jeans. fun fit, high waisted, great detail, and have just the right amount of stretch. i have worn them 4 times and haven't washed them yet (i find this helps shape my new jeans) and they still fit like a comfortable glove. a different twist on the ripped up jeans because of the color! love them! i normally fit a 29, ordered 28 in these and they are perfect!
Absolutely fantastic top, the cut is very flattering and the colors are gorgeous in the pattern (i also bought the white).
Went to the chicago michigan ave location and found this gem in the "take a peek" section... i think that's what it's called.  anyway... been looking for a plane white top to wear with a red lace pencil skirt and this fit the bill! wore it today with a grey midi skirt and sneakers and looks adorable!  it does flare a little and makes me feel like i'm wearing a maternity top but i don't care i love it!  went back to another retailer location and purchased the lilac one! can't wait to wear that one
I ordered a size 4, my usual size in tops is s or xs for looser fitted tops, i prefer a more fitted look. for reference i am 5'4" 120 lbs,, 32d. i ordered in pink and the color matches the online image. the pink is shear and i do have to wear a camisole underneath, which does not bother me at all. the top is adorable with jeans or slacks for work.
My hips are very narrow and i don't have much of a waistline. in a-line skirts and anything that sits below the waist, i wear a size 6. skirts like this with a defined waist almost never work for me because of the waistline. if this is typically your style of skirt, i think it will run large because the waistline is more generous than usual.    i tried it on in the store today and bought it in a size 8. it's very comfortable and cute and will be easy to pair with different things.
I really liked this top when i saw it in yellow but i was on the fence about ordering it for a while. when i did order it i chose the pink at the last second. i love it. i've worn it several times with a pair of jeans and cardigan. it travels nicely in the suitcase, no need to pull the iron out. i wear a cami underneath but it's really not that sheer so you don't need to. it's a lovely piece
The print is beautiful, the fabric has a nice weight. i actually bought this because i'm early in pregnancy and wanted a dress i can wear during the transition period - because of its swing shape, this is one of those rare dresses that looks good on me now and will still look good on me in 6 months when i've got a huge belly.  fit-wise: i am 5'9, 155 lbs, 34d, and ordered a large, but i am exchanging it for a medium. the arm holes are also a bit large.
Very nice quality!! awesome style, the fabrics is so soft but very durable!! this top will be great with jeans or a denim skirt!!
I gave this in her brighter rose colored print and love it! i get many compliments on this top! i did size up from my usual small to a medium to accommodate the girls :)
Made of casual materials, perfect for drinks or to be used as a vacation top. has a very flattering cut and pretty design with chiffon trim on top.
I thought this shirt was really feminine and elegant. only downsides is some of the punched out holes had fabric still attached which you have cut off with scissors- otherwise the shirt will snag. and the second issue of bigger importance are the low armholes. lots of bra showing- not really sure how to get around that so i always wear it with a cardigan. but it would be nice not to have to.  other than that it looks nice and pairs nicely with almost anything.
This shirt is very flattering, which is not the case for all peplum tops. v-neck is appropriate for work. looks great with jeans or khakis. highly recommend! only con is that the material is quite thin. 5'3" 115 lbs and xs fit perfectly.
Purchased this top at my local store. usually don't pay full price for clothing but had to have this top. so cute and lightweight. love that you do not need to wear a cami underneath and has material that covers your bra. usually wear a petite size due to tops being cut so low but a regular medium was perfect. suggest purchasing this top full price or if still around when it goes on sale definitely purchase. i bought the floral design.
I tried this on in-store. it is super cute! i am waiting for it to go on sale because i wasn't sure it was completely worth the price. if you are in-between sizes, take the larger size.
Great material, pattern and cut. perfect summer top
I love this top! i ordered the print, and it will go perfectly with blue or white jeans, and even coral shorts. very flattering. i did go up a size (from xs to s) based on other reviews, and i'm glad i did. the larger size fits perfectly at the bust and falls just below the hip.
Fun pattern which goes with just about anything. cool for summer.  very comfortable.  fitted style but true to size.
Adorable! very pleased with the quality of the fabric and the very comfortable fit. i'm sure i'll wear this with jeans, as pictured, but can also see it with a breezy summer skirt.
I was nervous about buying this without trying it on, but i followed the size chart and wasn't disappointed! it's flattering thanks to the fitted upper-half and the forgiving peplum bottom-half. overall, it's thin, light, and airy.
I ordered my usual size 6 in tops at retailer in both the orange/blue print & the pink color. fit is tts & looks pretty much on me as in the pic. lightweight & cool for these hot days. the 'pink' really is not pink - it's a true orange so i returned this one. i didn't really need an orange top. if it had been as in the pic which is a pink/coral-like color i wld have kept it. the orange/blue print is really appealing so that is a keeper. this top is a little flowy but not tent-like which is perfect
I ordered this lovely blouse the moment i saw it, and i am very pleased that it is the quality and fit i'd hoped for. i bought the medium in pink. i am 130#, 34f, size 8 or medium on most tops. the medium fits me perfectly; i love the gathering at top back so that there is no pulling at all across the back or bust. i am mystified that all blouses aren't designed with a nice level of gathering to accommodate a bust and to give a flattering flow.. i am busty so awkward tightness can be a problem o
Love the fabric, print, and cut! it's a smidge low in the neckline, but that's probably because i'm busty. nice and breezy for our blazing hot and humid florida summers.
This dress references that it is off the shoulder in the description. but i did not find it to be so; it fits me as pictured on the model - sort of a ballet neck or wide scoop neck. in any case, the fabric is as pictured. and - it's lined! yay - not see through. the varying sizes of stripes give it interest despite the neutral colors. it is cute with a denim jacket and is really comfortable.
I was looking for a flowier top to wear under cardigans, and this is pretty perfect. it is more sheer than i would like, but because i am wearing it as a bottom layer, i'll overlook that. the fit is great and the peplum is a cute detail to make this layering piece a little different.
Love this top - on sale, i bought two of this color, a grey and the green, i never buy more than one of anything unless i absolutely love it ! complimentary to the body, and the colors are beautiful. i'm 5'2" there were no pxs so i opted for xs, perfect... thanks retailer ??
Love the design (i got the blue and green one). it was more see-through than i thought but the pattern covers it so it doesn't matter what color bra you wear.
This dress is amazing! the photos do not do it justice! runs a tad large - definitely can size down.
Unique, sophisticated and versatile summer dress that you will fall in love with. dress it up with heels for a night at the gallery or dress is down with a denim jacket for an easy day look. it needs no accessories. this silk dress is soft and it lays beautifully. you will want to wear it all summer long. fits tts. love it!
This is my favorite purchase so far! i am in love with this jumpsuit. it it fitted on top and has a flowy dress feel on the bottom. i got this on sale recently and if you can grab it do it! you won't be disappointed.
This vest is adorable! i love the color, it goes well with almost anything. the drawstrings work great, some days i cinch them a little tighter for a more fitted look. honestly, i wear it at least once a week - out with friends or even to my job as a nanny. i was a little worried about the length of it because i'm tall, but it works perfectly with my build.
Super soft flannel material. the colors are beautiful and perfect for fall! it's doesn't ride up the shoulders but stays in place off-the-shoulder style. i love it!
Love this top.  i get compliments every time i wear it.  got the medium. fits perfect. 5'4", 138#.  even at my age it looks great.
The perfect dress for dinner date or summer weddings. or traveling. love this dress. not sure on washing yet since it is a silk dress. extremely comfortably and beautiful. i can't recall the last time i bought a new dress.
I liked this dress but wasn't sure about the color on me. i tried it on anyway. originally, i tried on the 0, but it seemed big so i ordered the 00. also usually i order petite, but this dress is already short (and i am not getting younger), so i went with regular size this time. color was not bad on my pale skin, i think the hue was ok (surprisingly). one thing that might bug the perfectionist in me, the zig zag isn't always aligned, the waist, for instance was crooked, but if it is like that e
This dress makes my heart skip a beat. it's beautiful, soft and colorful. it's a lovely midi length which can be tricky for 5'5" lil ole me but it's perfect. it has slits up the side for an easy breezy look. the fabric is so silky & pretty form fitting if you buy the right size. i'm a solid 4. have bought heaps of dresses from retailer and i can't stop, won't stop.
I am in love with this top. flannel shirts are a fall staple, but i don't own any. any flannel shirt that i have come across has been a button down, which simply does not work for me, given my chest size. i hate button downs that gap or that i have to leave unbuttoned and wear a tank underneath. it's not flattering. this top is flannel, no buttons, and off the shoulder, which is such a unique and fresh style. the off the shoulder feature stays in place thanks to tiny straps sewn in that you put
Comfortable, great fit and beautiful colors. the interesting thing is that in this picture, it shows the dress just below the knee. i am 5'5" so totally average height, but the dress falls just above my ankles., which i personally think is way more attractive. not sure if there are two versions of this dress, but be careful if you buy online. i got mine in the glendale store.
What a great, soft piece for fall.  the top is flattering and comfy at the same time. it looks really romantic with the bare shoulder look.
I live in hawaii and always looking for a comfortable light and breezy dresses, this was perfect. the colors are gorgeous, the fit is true to size and it is extremely comfortable. dress it up or dress it down with a denim jacket and you will be definitely love it. i am thrilled i made the purchase!!
I absolutely love this sweater....it is perfect for fall
Great shirt. very soft and comfortable. the elastic on top to keep it off shoulders is not too tight--just tight enough. the colors are pretty. it's give a rustic city vibe. love!
Love! received so many compliments! it can be dressed up or down and is so comfortable.  i did order a l  based on the reviews, but found it to be big.  i would've returned for a m, but it was sold out and i didn't want to risk not having it at all so i kept.
Hadn't really looked at this dress till i saw it in person in the store. so i tried it on. i'm only 5'1 and 140 lb. busty on top so i tried the 8. it was a smidge snug, decided since the dress has no give to go with a 10. would have liked this in a petite for the shorter length, but it's back ordered till august and i really wanted to take it with me on vacation. its just above my ankles in regular length, which will work and i can up the score with some wedges. this dress fits like a dream and
I do not have a waist that goes "in". i either have to wear shift dresses that are cut slim, or find "fit and flare" pieces that create a waist for me. this is the latter. it's really cute, different and flattering. it has a nice mix of graphic sophistication with a somewhat romantic silhouette. it is gauzy with ruffles and tiers. the off-white slip underneath is great for a couple reasons: it provides a nice underlayer that is just visible underneath the "turtleneck" top, cutting the school-mar
I purchased this vest in the store. the colors vary depending on where it is sewn - i purchased one with black around the middle, and more black around the collar (it was more flattering). the fit and design are lovely. it's fuzzy, but since i don't have any 'fur' in my wardrobe, this is a nice ease into that part of fashion for me. i highly recommend it, even for the price.
The burgundy plaid colors are what caught my eye! so perfect for the fall season. i usually do not like off the shoulder tops as most do not stay down but this one does and as others have stated there are arm stays inside to help with that. i stayed with my usual small to keep the length and it was fine. got compliments the first time i wore it. so glad they restocked in my size, as they had been sold out.
I have another sanctuary vest similar to this one and decided i needed to snag this one in the moss green. it's so pretty and it's extremely versatile. i'm 8 months pregnant and it's been a fun vest to wear over a tank with a necklace. i can see this piece working for all seasons. if the other color would have been available, i would have grabbed it, especially at the sale price. you can't beat it! the only downside to this vest is that compared to my other medium sanctuary vest, this one is a b
Love this top. i'm athletic, it's a little tight around the arms. but it's a really nice looking blouse off and on!
Off the shoulder is everywhere and this is a great shirt for the fall.
I saw this vest at my local retailer store over the weekend and decided to try it on. i am typically an xs at retailer and the xs fit perfectly. i can't wait to wear this during the spring and summer. it's really lightweight and soft which i love. i purchased the copper color, and would consider the color in the photo to be very true. this was definitely a splurge, but i am overall very happy with my purchase. i highly recommend it!
This jumpsuit is great dressed up or down. the only issue i had with it is that the straps are very long (but that was an easy fix).
The shoulder bearing aspect makes this top sexy yet it doesn't look like you're trying too hard. sleeves can be worn up or down and everything stayed in place either way. i get tons of compliments each time i wear this.
I'm currently on the prowl for the other colors of this fantastic sweater dress/tunic. i own the lavender in size m and it fits perfectly on me (5'3" 36dd) without enhancing what i want to hide. great for winter
The simple shape of this silky & comfortable shift is transported by the fun psychedelic pattern. the fabric is lightweight and drapes very nicely because of the lining. i purchased the size 10 petite to accommodate my 36dd bust/wide rib cage and it fits perfectly. the high neck is fastened with a single hook. versatile and comfortable and a clear winner for spring and summer. for sizing reference my other stats are 5'3" tall, 140#, m/l on top, s/m on bottom.
I decided to try this dress on based on the other reviewer's positive words, and i wasn't disappointed! it's so cute and stylish. i plan to wear with black boots. i'm 5'6", 120 lbs, 34c, wear a 2 or 4, and i got a 4. one thing - at the waist, the pattern breaks a bit and doesn't match perfectly. i tried on a second dress and liked its pattern more than i did that of the first i tried.
This is a super cute jumpsuit that is also super comfortable. the only thing i wish was different on this jumpsuit is that the pants would go all the way to the ground. but it is still super cute and a keeper !
This dress is everything i hoped it would be: flattering, cute, cozy
Great buy. i bought the cream jumpsuit.  i'm small on bottom and larger on top. this was perfect, shouldn't fit tight, should flow, has lots of room, it is linen, adjustable buttons on front and adjustable on the back of jumpsuit. legs are wide and flowy. casual but classy. both sides have about 3 buttons at hips. great addition to any closet. unique in its own right.
This dress fits beautifully. it is warm and comfortable. winter's gem.
I bought this top in a small and it was true to size. loved that it wasn't too fitted across the back, but was still able to show a bit of body with the drawstring by the waist. it will become a wardrobe staple during the hot months in dallas.
I've been looking for a new winter dress and this one fit the order! it's warm yet flattering and i love the color.
I'm in love with this top! looks just like it does in the photos, except the colors are maybe a little more vibrant. it's definitely boxy, so you may not like it if boxy isn't your thing, but i think the pattern placement really works with the boxy shape. i usually wear a small in tops and the xs/s fits great. it's also machine wash and tumble dry which is a plus (although i haven't washed it yet). unique, chic, and effortless...order before it's gone!
I bought this dress in-store, and it's fantastic. i'm between a medium and a large, and i bought a large because it was the one available, and it's fantastic. some of the polyester is fraying between the seams, which is obviously not ideal, but i'm willing to overlook that for generally how great this dress is.
This top is true to size and fits perfectly.  color is very natural.
Cute style, cute color, cute cut.  and i got it on sale!
Bought on a whim, on sale.  i am a small in 95% retailer but got these in m for comfy casual looseness--perfect.  i am 5'8", and these hit the top of my feet--perfect.  fabric is substantial but not heavy--perfect for cool so. cal evenings.   color is rich denimy blue--beautiful.  buttons are pretty. i have nothing negative to say about these aside from their price (even on sale).  oh, and the knot.  as i sit on my squishy leather sofa, i feel the knot in my back.  hmmm.  oh well.  still love them
My friend and i both bought this in the "white" color in our usual sizes. the fabric is soft, the neckline is flattering and the drawstring is cute. hides a tummy beautifully. the store had the white and the green. the green color looks very different in person than it does online. in person, it is darker and more of a soft emerald green--not the pale green-gray pictured online.
I bought this to give room for an expanding tummy - i'm 6 months pregnant and this completely conceals the bulge.  i suspect i will appreciate that in the spring when i'm actually trying to hide my leftover belly... it's incredibly soft and the top is wide enough to cover a bra strap.  the arm holes are small enough to cover my parts but large enough to be comfy.  i'm 5'5", medium build and normally wear a medium but got a large given my circumstances.  a medium would have probably worked normal
I tried this on in the store in size xs regular in green and i was happy to see it covered my bra everywhere. but it was a little too long (i usually wear xspetite). so i ordered it in the bright red hoping it would be less orange than shown, which it was, but it was more pink and kind of hard to describe; maybe more salmon or coral... i went up from my usual size to spetite for fear that the armholes would've been too tight on xsp but they probably would've been fine and the spetite is a little
Love this vest. fits very similar to the pilcro denim jacket. the fabric is softer, and not too heavy. the wash on mine is pretty close to the one in the picture, maybe half a shade darker. can see myself wearing this with summer maxi dresses, skirts, and pants, a very versatile piece that will go into fall. i usually take a 0/2 and the xs fit perfectly.
I received this top in white, last fri., and have already worn it twice. it is the perfect top for hot weather because it doesn't cling to the body. the top layer is flowy and breathable. i plan on buying the blue one next to get me through the warm weather months.
So this is actually a holding horses dress, its mislabeled on the website. tts, a stunning vintage inspired piece, very 40's but timeless. the keyhole isn't too low cut, this is appropriate for work. beautiful drape and great lining - this dress can twirl! i am usually a xsmall/small and went with the small, fits perfectly though a bit loose in the waist but still very flattering - the xsmall would have been too tight in the shoulders. lovely dress!
This is such a flattering top. i bought it in green. the green is a cooler version of kelly green, not the muted green i see on my computer screen. i'm fair complected and that color looks great on me. i love the elastic at the waistband, which helps camouflage my mom belly. i wish they made more tops with blousy, elastic waists! i bought several new tops this summer and this is probably my favorite. after wearing it for a couple of weeks, i decided to remove the tie string, which hangs low; it
I didn't think much of this tank while perusing sale items on the website. but after reading the reviews i decided to order it. and it did not disappoint. i ordered the green, which is more vibrant in-person than on the website. and i wore it the next day, which is always a good sign. i loved it so much i quickly ordered the white too. it is flattering, stylish and comfortable - an excellent combination! i highly recommend this tank as a summer staple. it goes with everything.
Grabbed this tank on sale today in the green color. great tank. it is not thin like some other retailer tops. it actually is a double knit fabric which hides those imperfections we don't want anyone to see or worry about.  the top runs a bit on the full side, so if you are in between sizes, i would go down one. this top is great to wear under any open sweater for the entire fall season. the green color is a jewel green so the top does not look summary at all. it is extremely comfortable a
I felt like i was taking a risk by ordering these without trying them on, but i am so happy i did. they are soft and solid without being thick or stiff. incredibly comfortable. i have a larger hip and booty and these fit great. no grabbing at all and without making the top too big or loose.
I love this top! it's perfect for casual outings like a picnic or a movie in summer. it's material is thick enough to feel sturdy but still is very lightweight for summer. it's a little baggy in the front so if that bothers you then i'd size down one size from your normal. i bought my usual size of xs and it seems to fit perfectly. i'm tempted to buy this in more colors.
I love this top! i have all 4 colors in size large. i'm 5'9 170 lbs with a large bust. it's a loose fit that is very flattering. do not dry i wash in cold water and hang dry. first one i bought i dried and it shrunk quick a bit. if you are tall, size up.
This top is flowy, fluid and comfortable. the material is like a stretchy crepe. it's thin, but not sheer. well, i bought the bright red (maybe white is sheer?). oh, speaking of bright red, well it is! i mean, it is the most vibrant red. the photo on-line (at least on my screen) doesn't really do the red justice at all.  the fit is true to size. the nice thing about this top is that it has movement and yet it isn't full of fabric and look like a maternity top. and, the armholes are not big. th
I have been shopping at retailer for years and this is my first review - that is how much i love this dress! it is so incredibly comfortable. it is like wearing a cozy blanket. you guys, it twirls. :) i never received as many compliments on an outfit as i do when i wear this dress. (i bought the orange one). i am plus size and i don't wear a whole lot of knee length dresses. dresses in general are hard to find because they don't fit right so i was thrilled to find this. i am also thrilled that it
Found this little surprise in store yesterday where thankfully one of my atlanta stores carries petites. the materials is wonderful - feels like cashmere. i got the rust which will be an anytime-anywhere piece!. recommend highly.
This tank top is comfortable and very cute. it hides my tummy, as well, which is a bonus! ordered in another color i love it so much
I purchased a size small. i usually always buy a petite. but this fit me just fine since it is a vest. the length in the back didn't fall too long. it runs true to size. it's soft and i wear it with long dresses, rompers, short dresses, skirts. it's a nice tapered vest. i'm 34d and it's fine.
I have been on the fence about this blouse until i went into the store and tried it on. instant love for me. the fabric is not sheer.....yeah! the shoulders are cut in, so you may need a halter bra. i typically go between a 4 or 6, but found the cut at a a line so there is a nice flow, but not overly so, so purchased the 4. the colors will go with anything, for many seasons. love the quality.
I had the pleasure of trying this on today and looooooove it. i love all things bows, but usually they are off-centered over the left shoulder. i have a bit of an ocd thing, and i prefer things to be over my right shoulder so usually while i love them, i can't wear them. i love that this bow is in the middle-and i like that it is higher than the neckline of the shirt so you know there is some skin underneath. it adds to the sexiness of the blouse while also creating a more pleasing look. i feel
I love this jacket. it is stylish, yet has the softness of you favorite lounge wear. the faux fur gives it a touch of holiday fun, and, the fitted cut flatters your shape.
I bought this top as it is perfect for work under a blazer! the patten is pretty and eye catching, i love that it's 100% silk and has the tie in front so it's not too low for work. so chic and sophisticated!
I am very petite and ordered the xs. it is too big which is often the case. i gauge how much i like something by my willingness to spend even more money on alterations. i love this jacket so much that i am willing to go through that extra step. i love winter and this is a perfect winter top. the faux fur is very soft and cozy and has a rich look to it. i have yet to have it altered which is the only reason for my 4 stars under quality. i don't yet know how it will fit once complete. the fact tha
This top isn't straight as it would seem on the "tucked-in" picture on the model. colros are really rpetty and neutral in eprson. fabric si very soft. i tried on the 0 but am wondering about trying on 00 or petite size...which i would have to order, so will wait a bit on this one.
I purchased this jacket as a gift for my daughter for christmas. i thought it would look nice on her and i love retailer. she was very surprised and loved it. she wore the jacket the next day and it looked lovely on her. a very unique and beautiful addition to her wardrobe.
I coveted this blouse for weeks and finally pressed go during the recent sale. it is truly lovely - the textured silk and its lining combine to give this blouse the weight it needs to flow perfectly when untucked. it is a-shaped and fuller at the hem. when tucked, it is neat as a pin. the colors are almost metallic and it looks as if the flowers have been painted on. this is an elegant casual look with white jeans and heels, or i've dressed it up with a black pencil as well as a skirt almost ide
Gorgeous colors, great neckline (can be worn off one shoulder), the slits on the side allow for wear as tunic or as half tucked. very cute.
I tried this on a whim last week even though it was a bit above my budget, and i couldn't resist taking it home. the photo doesn't do the textured sheen of the silk justice--the metallic tones of the flowers are really vibrant, but still subtle. my husband (who usually hates anything with a bow) loves this, though i have been tying the bow a bit lower than shown on the model. go one size down--i usually wear a 14 in blouses but took a 12 in this.
Adorable soft top for the fall! i wanted to love it because of the colors and the fact that it is so retro! it was just way too big for me. i'm always a medium but in this i probably should have sized down. i still gave it 5 stars because it is so cute--just didn't fit me! sadly i will be returning this!
I was eyeing this sweatshirt but didn't want to pay full price- i got it on sale and am so happy i did! it is super soft and comfy. it also fits perfectly- not too baggy but also not form fitting. as a moz fan i couldn't pass it up. awesome sweatshirt!
This is the cutest romper ever !! very high quality..  it has always been a challenge for me to find and love rompers. but this fit beautifully. i cant wait to wear it this summer.
This sweater was far better than expected. very soft, and flattering. it's light to wear, but keeps me cozy in my freezing office. looks super cute with jeans and boots.
Perfect semi-dressy summer top, that could definitely go year round. love the buttons up the back. it's flows but the slight peplum keeps it from looking tent like. love this so much i ordered another in black.
I love this top. i found it to be true to size. i usually wear a size large or extra large and the size large fit well. i really appreciate that the armholes are not gigantic and don't show underthings. i bought the navy/black and find that a navy cami works well under it. i like this with casual pants and jeans under an open front sweater for now and think it will be nice with a linen skirt or shorts in warmer weather. this is not a style i would usually wear but i found the two tone lace very
The picture doesn't do this justice. this top is amazing in person. i purchased my regular size 2. it is very versatile and the colors are perfect as well as cut and material. worth the money
This is a gorgeous blouse!  the quality is exceptional- beautiful, soft silk. the pattern is lovely, the shape and design is spot on!!  finally!  a lovely tie neck blouse that fits well and is made well. i'm a busty mama and my the size 2 fits perfectly. thank you retailerpolgie for a gorgeous piece of clothing!
This top is so cute.  i love it and get tons of compliments on it.
This shirt is so cute with skinny jeans and crossbody bag! i am 34b so i did not have the issue with the cut of top at the bustline. love it!
I love this top. the seam does go across the bustling but if you are small chested like me...it is perfect. very bohemian and an almost classic look with a very contemporary twist. there are splits up the side that show off a great pair of leggings. i wore this today with some lysee black and grey patterned leggings, a long grey camisole, and some cute short free people booties...i may have gotten 20 compliments. love it.
The fabric is so soft and completely lined; the straps are adjustable. this is the best summer dress ever!!! so comfortable and easy to just throw on. goes with a multitude of colors for your sandals and bags. i love this dress! i'm 5' 7", 137 lbs., and ordered a size medium, with plenty of room around the bust; no worry about arm holes being too big because you adjust the straps to suit your body. i love the below the knee length. i like comfy but you could easily size down. nice embroidery
I've been looking for a great long, loose, versatile vest for some time, and this is just about perfect. it's slightly heavier than i would have preferred (i'm in a warm climate), but it excels in every other way. it looks so much better on than it does on the hanger, and can be dressed up or down. definitely a steal on sale!
The colors are amazing. so vibrant and plentiful. the arm holes are fairly generous but not bad. i think it just adds to the loose fitting nature of the dress. i got a medium.. i'm 170 with a small chest. medium is my norm for maeve. the buttons in the back are difficult, you need help getting on, but getting off you can do solo. this dress makes your shoulders look really good!! it sits in a very flattering way.
Wow. i just love this dress. it hangs beautifully and is such a great length. shoulder straps adjustable, simple button closures in back. i wore it dressed up a bit with a sweater and then again more causal without. i got it on sale so it fit even better!! :)
This vest is so cute and flattering. these pictures don't do it justice. you must see it in person and try it on. it only has a small percentage of wool in it, so it could easily be worn in the spring/summer with a tank.
This vest is awesome - the photo does not do it justice. you can dress it up or dress it down. great materials used. does run big, so select one size down!
This dress is very well made. the fabric is thick enough for winter weather and is great for work or a nice party. i do not think the arm openings are too large at all.
This is a great light, free flowing top for the summer. i agree with the other reviewers that the top section hits in a weird area, but if you are small busted, you won't be affected. it can be dressed up or down with jewelry and offers a whimsical option to a plain white blouse for the summer!
Bought this shirt on a whim, and it surpassed my expectations. just enough business, just enough pleasure. i wore it with high waisted skinnies and wedges and stopped counting the compliments! excited to try it in other ways. it's summery in print, but fall ish in color, so i think i can get even more use out of it in the next few months.
This blouse is a beauty! i love the hemline across the bust and all the flowy fabric that drapes in front and in back. i love the long length and the side slits. the wide hemline at the bottom is lovely. the cotton is soft and light and as amazing to wear as it is to look at. it makes me feel beautiful just having it on. be aware the fabric is sheer and requires a tank, but i don't mind as it is both pretty and comfortable. i sized up, which fits how i like. i never tried it on in my normal size
I had been eyeing this top online, decided to hit my local retailer to try it on! it is an adorable spring tunic! i think it runs a size larger then your usual size. for reference, i am 5'7" and 139 pds, small busted, and i bought a size 6, fits perfect. i will machine wash and hang to dry. happy with my purchase!
Not sure why some people did not like the fit. i am a "d" and yes the seam sits along bust, but not in a weird way. love this shirt, its adorable.
I love this top it is cute with shorts, capris and jeans. it's really comfortable but looks put together and stylish.  great for running errands to drinks with the girls. a good transition piece into fall with a light cardigan.
My favorite white blouse ever. i was hesitant, but really love it. it makes me think of summer, flowers, paris.... it's so soft and comfortable. yes, the cut is different and took a moment to get used to... but i like that. and it looks better on. imo. i can see this getting worn a lot on hot summer southern days. i've been on a hunt for a great white blouse for a long time. tres chic!
This is a must have! way cuter in person. love the look and feel. it runs large so size down. it's more cream than white
Saw this in the store and had to have it after i tried it on. it's shape is unique, it's very "floaty" and looks awesome with skinny cropped jeans & chunky sandals.  the "empire" does hit across the breast line, not below. i thought it added to the different shape, & didn't look odd on me. i am 5'6" so it might overwhelm a petite frame.
I wanted to add my two cents because i was worried when ordering the pants from previous reviews that they would be to tight as it had been suggested they run small. i didn't find that to be the case and think they run true to size
Love this top! tried it on in the store & loved it more. it's a great transitional piece with rich colors. the top is sheer so will need to layer with a camisole. haven't worn yet so can't speak to how well it will wash.
Probably not for everyone but boy do i love it and i've gotten loads of compliments on it! looks best with skinny jeans, would be good with leggings also.  i am 5'7", 155# and bought a size 10, fits perfectly!
I saw this dress in store. at first i was not impressed because it was shapeless on but i added a belt and it was so much better. i styled it with my leather wrap around ada belt. looks great with a jean jacket or a leather jacket to make it look more chic.
I didn't notice this dress online but it jumped out at me at the store.  i sized down to a small as the bust and arm area seemed very loose in  medium.  (36b). it's very comfy and beautiful.  i tried it with  a belt,  but quite honestly  it doesn't need one and it looks so much nicer without one.  not sure about what bra to wear ...likely strapless , or as one person said. .none.
The fabric of the pants is a great thickness so the pants have a very nice look. the fabric is smooth, not jean material. for me this is nice because though they have weight to them, the pants are not hot and can be used to dress up or down, much more versatile than jeans. these pants are very fitted through the hips but then fall very nicely. i am not a big fan of capri length yet i really love these! i have already enjoyed wearing these out and they look fabulous with any type of wedge or heel
This may be one of the cutest items that i have every owned! runs big, i am a 4 and the 0 fits perfectly.
These photos do not do the vest any justice. i randomly saw this in the sale section at my local retailer. tried it on and it was super cute, but i did the whole "walk away, maybe you'll forget about it" thing. that did not happen. i ran back to retailer on my lunch break the next day, and thank goodness, there was still one left in my size. it actually drapes in a flattering way, and it looks polished. it's so versatile. i would not have looked for this vest based on these photos, but i'm telling y
I had 3 shirts from clearance in my hand but put them back to get this shirt. it's perfect! great with skinnies/sandals for the spring, or boots/leggings for the fall. great for layering and so versatile...i will get more wear out of this than my 3 clearance shirts combined. i like the slit in the side, it makes flowy while also preventing it from looking like a maternity shirt. the only thing i would like is if the shirt was a little less see-through. it's not bad, but i will definitely have to
I love everything about this dress! i love the colors - style and fit. it is so comfortable. i had so many people ask where i got it.  i usually wear an xs or s in retailerpolgy dresses and i got this in an xs and it was perfect.
I love how boho, colorful and comfy this dress is. sometimes you just want to wear your comfiest bra and not worry about a dress that doesn't cover the straps. they were out of the petite small so i went with the small. i am 5' 125 lbs, and it fits perfectly, just more of a midi length. no problemo!
Fit is boxy yet flattering and material is sheer but not overly delicate. took my usual size four, i am moderately short waisted.
I saw this dress and had to have it. it is very cute and comfortable. i have fuller hips, so i'm not sure about the stripe across the widest section of my body. the arm holes are a little gaping as well as other reviewers have mentioned. i bought the medium which fits well everywhere, but the arm holes. i think the small would fit me everywhere, but the hips. so, i'm on the fence of whether to keep it. i do like the dress and it is of good quality; it just may not be the right fit for me. i'm a
Beautiful dress, i like the length and cut. nice material. runs a bit big. i think it'll look nice with a belt. great colors.
I saw this blouse referenced online a few times and have a weakness for white blouses, so off i went to my local retailer. this blouse turned out to be delightful! my thoughts: i would say it fits true to size, as a 0 fits me perfectly in the shoulders. it is a flowy tunic blouse that has a high skit, so it's not possible to wear this as a dress (it is very sheer too). i do think this blouse is designed for the line to hit below the bust, so my incredibly flat chest works in this. if you have even
I got lots of compliments on this dress as expected. the arm holes are a little large, meaning low. but other than that i love it.
I'm taking this to hawaii for the holidays, i'm wearing it with black calf length tights and a black belt. it is fine without tights, i just like that look. it is a really great dress.
The details on these capris are adorable - the stitching and side ribbon detail, the fit, weight of the fabric, everything is fantastic. i got the taupe and moss green because i couldn't decide. i wish they came in more colors. fit, for me, was true to size, i usually wear a 2 to a 4 (size 26 to 27 in denim) and got the 2 because i wanted them to be more fitted. they stretched a bit after wear, but not so much that they were too baggy. i will live in these, this summer. if you want a more fitted
I love love love this top! so flattering and comfortable- looks great with jeans, leggings, or i totally plan to use it as a beach cover-up as well. they only had medium left (i usually get xs/s) but it was still as flattering and i usually like my clothes on the roomy side!
Yes it is boxy, but by design. because it is a shorter length and sheer it isn't an issue for me even as a petite. it has a bit of an ethereal look on as if it's just floating on your body. what doesn't show well in online pictures are beautiful chartreuse, charcoal & white threads running throughout the design. this adds to the classy look of this top. great to dress up jeans or with a dressy pencil skirt for a night out.
If i could wear this top every single day, i would. this is the white flowy top i've been dreaming of; but better! the fabric is so lightweight and breathable. i can wear this on a cool spring night with a scarf, skinny jeans & ankle boots, or on a hot summer day with shorts/skinnies and sandals. you can dress it up or down. be aware that the chest hem is at a non-traditional height; not quite above or below the breasts. however, i think it looks flattering on both small-chested and busty women.
I have three pairs of these in different colors (one pair is striped) and i love them. they are flattering and comfy. they go with nearly everything. can't get enough!!!!!
Very unique, beautiful piece.  drapes well, accentuates curves in a classy way.  this is an eye catcher.  definitely.
This vest is great. i'm wearing with my red striped turtleneck dress i got on sale here. i can see this going with so many outfits. mainly those dresses that might feel a little tight around butt and hip area- this will cover it all. worth full price imo. tts. i'm a 10 and this in m is perfect.
I ordered this online in a sz 4, perfect fit and very comfortable. the side slits make it even more interesting since jeans or leggings will show!
This dress pops! gorgeous colors and simple, classic flowy design. i thought it ran a little big, i ended up with xs for best overall fit in chest and a more streamline flow. 34b for reference.
This top is so soft and with a henley neck opening and longer ribbed shirttail hems, it not only feels heavenly against the skin but it gives off a casual chic vibe. it is also great for layering under shorter sweaters and sweatshirts to give my staples a little oomph. it is a bit sheer so cami is a must. i am also not sure how well it will hold up after washings, especially since it's priced quite high. i love it so much that i will most probably end up keeping it it is true to size. i ordered
I bought this as a "reward." i have wanted a leather jacket forever and i truly love this. goes with so many things; tons of compliments. soft, comfortable material.
I agree that the color in the picture online is lighter but i bought it from the store and really like that it isn't just another off-white sweater. it fits true to size and i love the quality. it is really beautiful!
I bought this to go with the pants they had online & i love them together. the sweater seems thin for the price but i still love it.
I absolutely love this dress. the color is beautiful and saturated, the fit is spot-on and so flattering. i ordered my usual size 10 - for reference i am 5'9", 170# 34f bra and 40-41" hips. i love this brand!
I love this dress ! my husband loves this dress on me ! i ordered on line, it did not come in my usual 4, and it was only in petite. i ordered the 0petite. it fits fine, a little shorter than expected, but i am 5'2" so it is fine. very well made and lined.
Saw this online when it first came up and thought it looked lovely. i purchased a different pleated dress and decided i didn't need a second pleated dress. was at my local retailer and they had one pink dress in a size 4 and a blue in a 0. decided to try them both on. the zero actually fit perfectly and at the sale price i had to have it. the material is beautiful, little details like the ruffled hem are lovely. one i will wear for years. thinking about getting the link but the blue is lovely. i'm
I was very hesitant about this. i read the previous reviews and thought oh no. the first time i saw it in person i was mildly disappointed because the material wasn't how i thought it would be. then i saw it up close, and i realized it was better than i thought. however, i didn't have time to try it on.  it wasn't until later when i saw it on someone else that i realized i was looking at a must have. i am so happy i purchased this. its beautiful and flattering and the colors are bright yet und
This is a wonderful vest! i love the lining!! keeps you nice and warm! i love the muted green color! the pockets are sewn closed but can be cut open at the stitching without ruining the vest!!
I love this shirt but it was huge! i ordered a small and i was drowning in it. unfortunately i had to return it.
I loved this dressy ruffle sweatshirt. i am long waisted and these often look too short on me but this one fit perfect and actually accentuated my curves in a good way as opposed to making me look "puffy!"
This is a real cute vest that is also soft and comfy to wear. love it!
I found this skirt beautiful for year round wearing.  it's lined and tts.  i usually wear a size 4 and this fit well.  some might say it runs big but i like skirts to sit a bit lower on my waist and this gave me a good 2 inches in length.  i'm 5'3" and 119# and it hit me just above the knee.  i paired it with the back tie embroidered top by akemi & kin because the blue of the embroidery in the shirt was beautiful with the blue in the skirt.  it will also go with a cropped creme turtleneck i have
I love this dress. the length is great and the dress just feels great. the material is raw silk (which i love) and the sizing does run a tad large, but with the make of the dress. i can lose weight and still wear the dress. well made and the buttons in back are super cute.
Love trying things outside my usual style, thought this might look like a sack but fell in love! looks effortless, easy to accessorize, dress up or down & comfortable. keeper! want to try it with platform sneaks for casual look.
Bought this in pink for a wedding this summer. the dress detail is noted as a "swing silhouette" & should be perfect for twirling on the dance floor. the bit of orange under layer peaking out from underneath is just the right amount of contrast to the bright pink. a pair of heels will make this dress look perfect!
This vest is super cute! i'm 5'5" 120 and usually wear an xs at retailer, i have this in a small and it fits perfectly, fits snug when zipped, my usual xs would have definitely been too tight. would definitely recommend!
This vest is super cute on. it definitely has kept me warm this winter.
I purchased this jacket in a pxs, as i am 5'2" and 110lbs. the sleeve length is perfect! the fabric is soft and lightweight, which is perfect for living in southern california. i don't feel any itchiness either. the rest of the jacket fits me perfectly and hits right at the top of my hips.    there are two cute grommets on each side at the bottom by the hem, which add nicely to the look. i like how the sleeves are ribbed, giving it a comfy sweater feel. there's also two zippered pockets, whic
Great cardigan. love the tie on the back of the collar. excited i was able to get the blue on sale. definitely runs big, but the small fits me well!
This skirt is so gorgeous. the picture doesn't do it justice. several layers of mesh. i am 5'10" and this skirt is very long, which i love. so glad i found this in my size for such a great price. highly recommended..
I ordered this shirt and was happy to see that it looks just like it does online -- i love the rusty orange and pale blue contrast with the navy. the navy blue underlayer is so flattering, and the sheer sleeves are feminine and lovely. the shape and pattern are forgiving. this brand is really hitting it out of the park these days. this blouse runs a bit smaller than some meadow rue. if you're between sizes (especially arm-wise), i'd order up. otherwise just get your regular size. the body is flo
Love this sweater so much that i got it in both colors. got the size small, fits well and keeps me warm. the cream color is very functional. the blue color is beautiful and unique.
Gave this to a friend as a gift.  soft, lovely.  she loves it.
I love this shirt. the colors are just as depicted. the material is gorgeous and the top is very flattering. fits true to size for retailer small (i'm normally a medium outside of this store).
Super soft comfy underwear. i sized up and they fit perfectly. normally wear xs and bought m for most comfortable fit. they don't ride up. i ended up ordering 5 more pairs. super comfy without being too "mom" like.
Love these pants! the print is very different, a little quirky, but black and light golden brown mixed together so very versatile. i have very thin legs and these are actually tight on me so maybe too slim for some.good length. they actually hit right at the ankle.
This is a great sweater. soft and beautiful. it's my new go to sweater??
I'd been eyeing this skirt on the website, and was pleasantly surprised to find one hanging on the sale rack in a local store. i couldn't leave it behind. the silver embroidery and the lovely, flowinng weight of the tulle layers make this a beautiful skirt. i'm just over 5" 4" and it skims the floor on me with a 2" heel. can't wait to wear it!
I love this vest and could not leave without it. the color and lining just make it perfect, so stylish and comfy! i'm always a 8/10 and a m in this was perfect. the color is so beautiful and its so easy to dress up and down. i am big on the bottom, the tie in the back adds a nice shape to your whole profile and makes it a less boxy vest! love love...
Saw this online and ran over to the store to try it on. so lovely! i thought i would want it in the cream color but the blue was so lovely in person. it's like a muted blue that makes it so versatile. the detail in the back is gorgeous and so flattering. the safety pin is such a unique touch. it's nice and warm, just not super soft, but not scratchy. i do think i will be extra careful with it because it seems like it could get caught on things easily.
Love this shirt. i am 5'2" and 115 lbs. i am normally a pxs and got the pxxs and it got perfect! my new favorite shirt.
This dress is very beautiful. the dark color makes it very elegant. i tried on different top (white, silver, light blue, etc). they all look very nice with the dress. you can wear it casually or formally...depending on what kind of top you wear.
Have been looking for a motorcycle style sweater for a while and hit the jackpot with this one. i have a large 34g bust and it's hard to find one without overly large lapels. these are perfect and they stay down, which is hard to find too. perfect length, beautiful color. not too long in the back. it has zipper pockets and the photos don't show the silver grommets on each side at the hem. the body of the sweater has a different knit than the sleeves so it has a bit of that vest over sweater look
This sweater is very cute. i got a medium, i'm broad in the shoulders and a 34c. i wanted it a little loose. threw it over a tshirt and was not itchy at all. i feel it is light weight and perfect for our mild winters in florida. can't wait till the weather cools down to wear it.
Was hesitant to order it as first since i was worried it might be a little too boxy in person. glad i tried it since that turned out not to be the case. drapes nicely (exactly like in the picture) and can be worn either on its own or layered with a cardigan/shrug. loose fit means i can wear it to work, too. am usually between a small and xs but the xs fit me well. also wanted to mention this hits me right under the waist and i'm 5ft4 so there is a chance it could be a little too short for someon
I'm wearing lots of these long cardigans right now. this one is comfortable but holds up well. the blue color is a lovely wedgewood blue. the little tie detail on the back of the neck is cute, but doesn't get in the way. it's great for casual or casual work wear.
Great, rather heavyweight, long cardi. i purchased the blue, which is a lovely shade of gray/blue, not quite as bright as the picture depicts. pin is adorable; doubt i'll ever use it to close the sweater, but still a nice touch. for reference i'm 5'5", 136 lbs, 34ddd and typically fall between size small and medium. took a medium in this one and glad i did. perfect fit. falls exactly like on the model.
Love the distressed look and linen-like texture. the back ties cinch in for a custom fit & the knit hood is a nice touch. the length is great! fits tts (exactly as depicted) if not slightly roomy, which i like. absolutely fabulous!
I knew i had to have these when i saw them on one of the retailer store instagrams. i bought them in the blue color combo and they are very comfortable and can be dressed up for work or paired with more casual clothing because of the material. they run a little large and have a lot of stretch so i would size down.
These pants are amazing and great quality! thank you to the reviewers who suggested sizing up one size. the trousers don't have a lot of stretch and are very cute and well-made and the size up is perfect! i am normally a 2r in most pants and skirts and i sized up to a 4r, they are perfect. gorgeous pattern, and i too, am not a "pattern"-type. will go perfectly with a number of the solid, flowy maeve tops i have for work.
This vest is the one thing i will wear all year round. i couldn't wait for this to arrive, it looks and fits just like the pictures. great quality and value, is very stylish and adds a little flair to a simple top and jeans outfit. i have worn it several times and, in addition to looking great does keep you warm.
I am not really a "print person" but cartonnier gets it right every time - modern prints that lend themselves to many styling and paring options. the charlie trouser, which they do every season, is a great fitting pant (going up a size is a must as they do run small) with details (stitching, buttons, pockets) that make their pants look more expensive than they actually are. i bought these in the blue combo when i saw them at my local retailer store. the blue combo has both blue and black (as well
I have the blue version. i love the bold, pop art pattern. the colors are strong but neutral enough to pair with a myriad of different options for the top.
I agree with the last reviewer this is a great cozy sweater. i took an xs regular and i am 5'6" 108lbs. the pin is used to close the sweater (no button). plenty of hand-knit sweater vests,wraps,shawls come with or are given with pins for closure. you will find many uses for the pin but as it is shown in the photo..... not likely.
I got this planning to wear to a wedding, but have dressed it up for a gala event and down with a white sleeveless top to an awards ceremony. i've definitely gotten some mileage out of it! like the other reviews said, it is long, but was able to easily trim excess fabric from the bottom and it works perfect with wedges. love it!
These pants are very, very cute and high quality. they can be worn with a variety of colors and can be dressed up or down. they are also very flattering. i definitely recommend sizing up as they run small. my normal size was a tad tight in the waist and there is very little stretch - but the next size up was perfect.
Let me talk about the fit. i am a size 6 petite. i weigh 120 and am 5' tall. i am curvy and have short legs. what little height i have is in my torso. that being said, i ordered the 6p and the 6. no doubt about it! the 6p fits like a 4p. the 6p was tight in the hips and thighs. the size 6 regular was a perfect fit. if you want the pant to have s cropped look like in the picture then order up a size and stay in petite. so i would have ordered a 8p i'd i wanted the cropped look like in the pic. bu
I love this blouse, it's very unique and gorgeous. this blouse is versatile with short, jean and skirt. love it!!!
This skirt is very comfortable and fits tts or even runs a bit large. i was able to dress it up with a great white shirt and statement necklace. great find.
This dress is even more gorgeous in person! i had seen in the spring catalog but liked it even more when i spotted it at my local store. i have been searching for the perfect ivory crochet or lace dress each summer for the past few years. i think i have finally found "the one'! i should note i am 5'9" and this dress goes all the way to my knees. it may swallow someone on the shorter side.
I love, love love this top. i've bought several over the years and they wash great and are very flattering and comfortable. i always pick up the newest color.
This is one of my favorite.it is timeless for sure.
I stared at this dress for a long time online and finally went into the store and tried it on. it is a beautiful quality and material. note that it is ivory, not pure white, which is exactly what i was looking for. the fit is more of an a-line and it is slightly long which is part of the style of the dress. i am taking it with me to a beach vacation in mexico but i plan to wear to many more occasions because this could easily be dressed up or down. just don't wear it to a wedding since it is a w
Super comfy skirt!  can't wait to wear it to football games this season!
This dress is gorgeous. more ivory in person. the crochet is amazing. i sized up from my normal s to a m, only bc i wanted a loose fit. and after reading reviews that it fit a little bit like a shift, i wanted a bigger size. but a small would have prob worked as well. depends on how you want this to fit. i love it. i wear mine now w a cropped jean jacket and leggings, soon w just sandals. great transition piece bc it's a slightly heavy dress but not enough to be overwhelming or hot for the summe
I absolutely love this dress. i'm always leery about buying lace and white, but i love this off-white color and style. i was able to stretch the sleeves a tad to make them more fluttery, but they aren't as fluttery as the photo looks. definitely more of a cap sleeve. got so many compliments!
This skirt is really adorable, but only if you're going to tuck in your tops. the pockets flare out at the top, so shirts don't lay correctly on them. instead the bottom of the shirt floofs out and looks really dumpy. tucked in though, super cute!  the waist is really tiny and the fabric has no stretch to speak of. i usually take a 0/2 pant or 25/26 jean. i ordered the xsmall and could only get the top fastened by really sucking it in and struggling. i'll be exchanging for a small, hopefully t
I love this dress. the fit is great for tall girls i'm 5 9' and the length is perfect. can be dressed down with cute sneakers or up with heels. every time i wear this dress i get a ton of compliments and it is so comfortable.
Love, love, love this little lbd! lots of rich detail and still very easy and laid back. dress up or dress down. i will be wearing this into the fall season. i purchased the l, still roomy, tried the m but a little snug in the shoulders and chest. i am usually a size 12, d cup. very flattering style boho chic.
Purchased this dress in black and love it. there is so much detail in the crochet, and can be dressed up or down. i am contemplating buying the same dress in white!
These jeans look amazing on. i'm 5'5" and an hourglass figure and these fit perfectly. if you like high waisted jeans, these are for you! a small heal does need to be worn but i wouldn't say they are excessively long.
Love love love this dress! have received so many compliments on it. i'm 5'4", 118 and xs fit perfectly. love the cap sleeves and details, super comfortable too. i can see wearing this year-round and dressing it up/down.
I'm really looking forward to wearing this skort on vacation in hawaii. it's a great color, soft, flowy, fun, practical.
This is stunning. even more stunning in person. the crochet is divine. every inch of it is beautifully detailed. it's got a bit of weight to it and the crochet is very high quality. i am normally a l or xl, and i have curves. this is why this unfortunately did not work for me. it fits more like a shift with a little more aline room. on the right shape, it will be perfect. if you're curvy, size up. if you're lean or narrow, you might want to size down. the length is heavenly for tall gals, but wi
This is a beautiful, high-quality little black dress. it actually has a little weight to it, but nothing bothersome. i usually take a medium across the board, but i had to size up to a large. this is dress has more of a straight line versus a-line and i have wider hips, so the large fit really good. it's beautiful and versatile. i just wore it to my high school reunion and got compliments : ) great purchase, i would highly recommend.
Great summer skort! these are exactly what i have been looking for to wear to the carribean! the material is substantial but not enough to be hot nor too little to be called thin. the skort is constructed well with nice flow between the skirt and short portion which is sometimes a miss with other skorts i have tried on. it does run slightly large. i also sized down after initially trying on the one in the photo.
For anyone who loves lace. it fits pretty true to size. the size m length hits just to the top of the knee. i' 5' 4" tall. to lighten up the dress just a little so that it does not look as some have said "frumpy" i hemmed the liner so that the liner hem is half way up on the ruffle. this makes the dress look less heavy, more fun, and repeats the openness of the lace on top. love this dress! will be wore a lot for summer evenings out.
The look is frest, crisp with a touch of romance. very retailer!
Ordered a few things for a last minute decision on what to wear to a wedding - i slipped this on right out of the box and decision was made! tunic style is great for all body types and hides any bulges. crochet neckline and sleeves are cute and a little sexy. dress is very comfortable and not too short. wore this with pearls and ankle-strap pumps for a dressier look. very happy with this one!
I just tried these on today in the store. i'm 5'5 and found that they were definitely the right length for heels. the 33" inseam is correct. however, i had them ordered in a petite so i could wear them with flats. these are super cute jeans!!!
Wow! i had been looking at these shorts online...then found only one pair left at my store in a size four--a size i can sometimes squeeze into...luckily, these really do run a full size larger without being snug/too tight...$19.95 with 40% off!!!???? yes please,  cannot wait to wear them next summer! and p.s. per above reviewer, you do need need to cut the cross strings at the pleats--they are just meant to keep the shorts nicely pressed/flat in the store, then you are on your own!
Great green color. drapes well. nice gray detailing adds dimension to an already pretty sweater.
Fits just like on the model, even though im 5'4''. really happy with this casual summer find.
When i saw this sweater, it made me think of the 70's chic trend thats very now but due to the colors (my favorite tones) it would be something i would be reaching for for years to come. i love it combined with jeans but i also worse it over a dress (see photo) - i am wearing it over corey lynn calter floral dress "paeonia dress", and i paired it with the "rosebud layered necklace". i got two of this sweater as i want to have one for when i wear the first one out :) i am 5'6", 127 and even thoug
I thought this dress would make me look washed out, but absolutely doesn't--beautiful pop of color, and unique design. i've received many complements, this one is a keeper.
This dress is super cute and sexy. i bought the taupe in a size medium. for reference i'm tall (5'11) and weigh about 152. i don't know how tall the last reviewer is but this was not too short in the front for me. i really like it.
I tried on the petite in the store and loved it it's just the color kind of washes me out a bit... nut i did love hte fit and style...
This sweater has a retro feel to it. i like how it hits right at the hips and it's not too long or not too short. it keeps you warm and it's a nice alternative to all the drab sweaters that you would usually wear in the fall or winter.
I love the unique style of this dress. the bell sleeves and the rather fitted body that poofs out at the end put the focus on these details. as for fit ... i'm a standard xs petite and the xsp fits to a tee.
I ordered the pink and it is the slightest hint of pink mixed with ivory. it fits true to size. the detailing of the crochet is outstanding. it reminds me of seashells that my daughter & i collected last year when we visited san diego. i wish the teal green one would be in stock in xl. i would grab it up. it's not the softest knit, but it's very comfortable to wear all day. very pretty version of a cardigan.
I love this dress. i bought this dress in both a m and a s. i was worried about how "loose" the dress would fit and also how short it would be. the information about the model wearing the dress only said that she was 5'10" but not what size dress she was wearing. i am 5'11" and am in between a dress size 2 or 4. the medium was way too wide, but the small was still long enough with the perfect amount of flow. i purchased the green/slate color, which is more green and has very faint stripes. very
I disagree with the other reviewer - i thought the fabric of this skirt was high quality, and while it wasn't lined i don't think lining is typical in a sweater material. i also really liked the patter and the swingy bell shape. i usually wear a 6 or 8, but my store only had a 4 available. it fit, but was a little tight in the hips. the skirt was also longer on me then on the model, but i'm on the short side.
This is a sweater i love to look at and wear for any occasion. it looks on me almost exactly like the model picture in the online photo. i'm 5'6". i bought a small and it fits very loose and comfortable. i would suggest 1 size smaller than usual would fit well. i usually wear small for tops and medium dresses. it is great to layer with a brown or rusty copper large cardigan. it has a somewhat southwest blanket look with its colors of soft apricot and soft brown plus 1 turquoise stripe. it dresse
This product was offered in a pink color which compliments many color palettes. perfect for layering.
Fits true to size and rides the line between contemporary and retro exceptionally well.
Love this dress! it's so soft & not to short like some retailer dresses. great transition piece! i'm a fan of bell sleeves & can't wait to wear this with boots& tights this fall.
The malabar moto vest is made of a beautifully soft fabric and is lined on the inside. the added details - pockets and epaulets - are a plus. the vest has snaps and a zipper. the length is just right and the vest has a flattering shape.
The photo does a disservice to this beautiful sweater it is truly special with a lace scallop pattern down the front and across to the back. it is absolutely beautiful!! the sweater is lightweight, perfect for a cool day or in an office on a cold day.. i snapped up the grey and may purchase the green if it goes on sale.(unless they can show this sweater off better i am certain it will.) i am usually right between a small and a medium and needed the medium in this sweater. the small was bit tight
I love these leggings so much i bought them in every color/design!!! they are amazing! super stretchy and great for an active lifestyle be it pilates, yoga, playing with kids at the park or coffe with the girls.
I ordered my usual size-small. it is perfect because it has enough room to fit a thin shirt or turtleneck underneath when the weather is cooler. the material is very soft. looking forward to a lot of wear out of this vest.
I ordered my usual size 6 from retailer and it fit perfect. for reference i am 5'8" and 137 pounds. unlike the other reviewer i did not have trouble getting into or out of dress. it buttons down the middle so you just need to make sure you undo them enough to get past your chest;) i really like this dress. i think it's beautifully made. is it my favorite dress i've purchased from retailer, no but still a nice dress:)
I just received this in the wine color and it's gorgeous! it fits well and is very pretty. it can be dressed up or down. i can't wait until the weather warms up and i get to wear this. i have already ordered the other color! great purchase.
This sweater drapes beautifully, but beware it is pretty light weight and feels more poly or nylon than wool. i dont know if you could wear a top with sleeves underneath either, it will probably work best with just a cami. that said, i love the style. note... the sweater is pretty long. i am 5'2 and normally 12-14p and the regular size came down to my knees. the lp was perfect, just covers my tush and has adequate room for curves.
This adorable dress has surpassed my expectations! i ordered an xs and s and am keeping the xs. for reference, i'm 5'6", 120 lbs, 34c, and the xs fits like a dream. it's not sack-like at all. the top is fitted, and the bottom flairs very flatteringly. the bell sleeves aren't too long like some i've seen. the color and print are the epitome of fall! the length is perfect; it's long enough for work but short and flirty enough for evenings out. i can imagine wearing with heels or booties.
I bought the xs and love it. it looks better on than in the picture. it travels well (no wrinkles after being in the suitcase) and it is generous on the sides so you can actually eat a full lunch and not feel boxed in afterwards.
This is so retailer - pretty in pink, unique design and print. i love origami and i love pink, and this blouse is a perfect combo. i ordered size petite s (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips) and it fits perfectly (the hem falls on the upper hips, just like shown on the model). the top has structure, not too soft and not too stiff. i think the sleeves are very unique and great for those gals who are conscious about their big arms, like me. this top has everything: flair, bright color, unique print, but al
Such a pretty pink feminine blouse. love the sleeves! great quality and true to size.
I love this skirt! it is sooooo cute!! fits true to size and the color is beautiful. the cut out in the front gives the skirt a sexy touch, the fabric is very nice, i am in love! this was one of my best purchases from retailer!
Purchased this in green and love the color. it drapes well - not too long on me and hung just past my hips. it has very thin sleeves as other review mentioned to cannot wear anything bulky underneath. overall very happy with this purchase.
I absolutely love this top! cute and feminine without being over the top. i basically love everything meadow rue puts out there...and this was no exception.
Love this tee, purchased the blue and white, i usually wear xs in many retailer items but opted for a medium in this tee so it would fit loose. works good not fitting too tight. i like it because it's a tee shirt but it's a little dressy, great for going out to dinner, etc...
This top is comfortable and vas easily be dressed up or down! love it
This sweater is quite lovely. the yarn is light and delicate and the sweater is over all very feminine and figure flattering. i bought the light red color which is quite attractive and i'm not usually a fan of reds and pinks. this sweater can be worn casually with jeans or more dressed up for the office. anyone that is looking for a sweater that can be worn with almost anything should defiantly consider this one.
Love this one. i usually wear a medium, got this in medium and fits perfectly. i agree with the prior reviewer regarding the arms, they are a little snug, but i like the fit just as is. the pattern and medium thinkness were just what i was looking for.
Beautiful jacket for a light day. fits a little large., so if you want it to fit a little more tailored look, order down a size.
I think this jacket is meant to be large on for a particular look. with an xs i had no problem. it's large, but slouchy and cute. i adore it!
It is a great sweater that is soft but also warm i love the pretty design
Love this jacket. it's soft and a beautiful shade of ivory. perfect for casual wear with a pair of black jeans, while still maintaining an elegant look.
First of all, the one that looks white is actually a powder blue color. this isn't necessarily bad, but i would have really liked a white one and i was disappointed when it arrived blue. i should have looked more closely at the picture and paid attention to the very unreliable color button on the website.  at any rate, i like this skirt a lot as a causal everyday piece of clothing. in the summers, i tend to wear skirts rather than shorts and am always on the lookout for something that is not t
I purchased the purple t with letters all over. great fit, long and not clingy at all. i love the 80's motif/style of the letters. perfect t-shirt for a teacher. the black design was strange - hearts, fox, cats... it just seemed random and no theme. i would buy colors of this t-shirt because it fits so well, but the black "green" design was too off.
Very cute jumpsuit, especially for those who want to ease into the jumpsuit style. it looks very much like a dress but is very flattering as a jumpsuit because of the wide legs. the pattern is striking and bold but not garish. it has a low plunging neckline so you may need a camisole underneath (i did!) even though it has padding for those who want to go braless. i purchased a 2p and it fit my 5'3, 115 lbs frame perfectly. i would highly recommend!
My new go to skirt. great color for transitioning from summer to fall. i love the pockets and detailing, and yes, oh so soft...
I love this little topper. it is very comfortable. it looks elegant.
I can't get over how fabulous this looks on, how well it fits, and how flattering it is. i'm 5'8" and size 8/10 on a good day. seriously - i'm so happy about it ! i plan to get a lot of wear out of it - works for a wedding, evening out, or the office.
I tried this topper sweater on at the store but wanted to wait for it to go on sale so i just purchased it with my extra thirty percent off and think it's such a nice deal. i really like how this one is soft, well made, has nice long sleeves and how adorable the inside lining is. the lining matches the print inside the pockets that peak out a bit. i didn't find this one too boxy for me as it's a topper after all. there are no closure buttons or clasps but i think it's a great piece to throw on w
Great skirt, fits as expected. very cute, can be dressed up or down. i love the pockets!!
I've seriously been on the hunt for a olive green military-ish style skirt for a couple years now and i think i've found it! the color is great! the finishings are cool(rose gold buttons!) i actually like the a-line, it give me room to sit down without riding up. the waist is pretty fitted, verging on tight and i ordered an 8. i'm usually a 6 or 8 in bottoms, but i need to trim off a few pounds from a recent vaca! so i'm keeping the 8, it will probably be perfect soon enough! the length is just
Love love love this jumpsuit! normally i stay away from jumpsuits because i hate to have to completely undress to use the bathroom, but this was too cute to pass up. fits great, extremely flattering to my athletic build, super comfy. it sort of looks like a maxi-dress due to the wide legs. length was perfect. i am 5'3" and did not have to hem it.
I bought this in navy - it is absolutely stunning and looks like a dress on. super flattering and i don't even need to wear a bra with it
This was absolutely adorable on. it does look a bit like a dress but at 5'3 and 118 lbs i am normally a size 4, and needed the 2 in this. it fit so perfectly i didn't consider the petite. i can go braless as it has a well lined build in supportive bra. i purchased both colors and it can be dressed up or down. only draw back is dry clean only. super cute, and i definitely recommend this. cuter in person and on.
I loved this at first sight, and ordered it in a 10, 12, and 14 to make sure i'd get one that fit me. (i ended up with the 12). i wear a 32 dd bra, so usually braless is not an option, but this actually offers enough support. and, if i do want to wear a bra it's got a well placed strap across the back that will cover it.   it's super flattering, and really fun to wear out day or night.
I ordered the mustard shade in size xl. it is so well-made & comfortable. the patterned lining makes it extra cute and extra soft to wear. it's washed well too. i like the shorter length. it it fun to play with proportions when using it. i ordered the navy in xl since i've gotten such great use out of the yellow one. it hasn't shed/pilled either. well-made, quirky and useful for layering!
The fit on this skirt is flawless. i usually need alterations at the waist but this one was perfect for me. the buttons are so adorable and the color (orange) is vibrant and perfect for spring and summer. will wear this a lot!
This lovely cardigan is just that much more special due to the lining on the body and in the pockets. they peek out and make the sweater more interesting. i wore the black one with a lace dress with cream underlayment and the cream details on the lining worked perfectly to offset the formality of the dress and make the whole outfit casual but chic. the sweater washed in the machine and kept its shape when i hung it to dry.
Fits great and i love the length. very cute skirt!
If you're a little afraid to rock a jumpsuit this one's for you. the palazzo leg makes it look a lot like a dress. a light shelf bra was very supportive even for my d/dd cup. it does run large. i'm typically a 14/16 and was easily able to fit in the 12, although the look it a bit racier on me due to cleavage. hides any tummy you might have very well due to the flowing cut. the fabric is light and comfortable. my only complaint is i wish it was a tad longer. i can not wait to rock this at a weddi
A great staple to pull out on chilly mornings. i am 5'9" so the arm length was perfect
This skirt is really cute and very comfortable. i can dress it up for work or dress it down for casual. fun color too.
I saw this on line this morning and was hesitant to order one size smaller so decided to visit local anthopology store with fingers crossed they would have it in a size 4. i'm 5'5 130 and a size 6 usually in retailer clothing. not only was the size 4 perfect the fabric and quality are excellent. nice flowy pant legs and the top has a one button adjustment on the shoulder if you don't want it too low. either way worked for myself. dress up or down. this is a must!
I saw these sweaters in the store this fall and took a pass - they didn't look cute and i thought they wouldn't be cute on, because the little pockets looked droopy --but i was so wrong! once they went on sale, i took a chance b.c. i needed a black lightweight cardigan for a trip. ordered a size small and it fits perfect - so cute, i just love it! glad i bought it at the sale price because now i'm even happier!
Love this skirt... perfect length and cut! pilcro, make more of these!!!! i ordered up so that it hug more on my hips than waist, just prefer that better, but i think if you can pull of the waist look, go for it! would buy more in different colors!
Just got this skirt in the mail and i am so happy i took a chance and ordered it! my waist is a lot smaller than my hips so skirts can be a challenge! but this one fit me perfectly! it is casual but i can also see myself wearing this to work in the summer months. it is super flattering and very comfortable! the fabric is soft and it does have some give. i am usually a size 30 in pilcro chinos and the size 10 in this skirt fit me perfectly. so i would say it runs true to size. a great addition to
I was obsessed with this dress/jumpsuit after i read all the great reviews, even tho i had never seen it in person. it was already on sale and sold out online, so i called a bunch of stores and finally was able to track one down in the navy colorway in my size (it's tts). so glad i made the effort! it's as great as everyone says it is. i love how it's "party in the back." i'm 5'3" so it was pretty much floor length on me.
I'm in love with these jeans! they come very long, but it's easy to cut them down where you want them since they are not hemmed. i have a short torso so for me they were high waisted, but still flattering, which surprised me! for reference, i am 5'2, 105#, and i got the size 24.
I got the blue with polka dots. it fits more like a midi dress. it is a bit large, i'm usually a size 10 and got a size 8. it's gorgeous on. i don't think i'll be needing a bra underneath this. it's got a supportive band and the ribbon also helps. i might order the other bold print too, it just looks so good on.
This jumpsuit runs large so i sized down perfectly one full size down. i have a size b chest and was very comfortable with no bra, as the built in cups gave me the perfect coverage. it looked like a dress standing, but had such a flattering and fun shape when you move. everyone loved it!
I tried it on and it fit like a glove. i'm only 5'2" and i can wear with heals or flats. great built in bra. i'm a c cup and i've got a bubble butt. very flattering on my figure. quality worth every penny. many compliments. work appropriate or a luncheon! my fav retailer purchase by far.
I bought the skirt in green in size 6 (i am 5'4" and 143 lbs). it fit very well and was very flattering and the length was perfect. i can see myself wearing it a lot this spring and in summer.
Blue jeans that fit like a dream & they were on sale.
Gorgeous dress worth every penny--one of a kind twist on a kimono!
I love this jumper!  it is absolutely gorgeous and also quite possibly the most comfortable piece of clothing i've ever owned.
I am so happy i splurged and bought these jeans. based on the other reviewer, i ordered one size up, and they fit perfectly. i'm 5'8 and appreciate the longer inseam. i can't wear a wedge heel or anything with them, but with a flat on they skim the floor perfectly. you'll love the raw hemline and the subtle "wear" throughout the fabric. it's not overdone. just like in the picture, they really seem to narrow the hip, think page boy style. very, very flattering!
This is a skirt i will wear every day in the summer...great green/khaki color, casual. fit me like all the retailer size 8's do...perfect... only one thing...it is not as short as it looks on this model. i am going to have to have it shortened...but that is not biggy. the skirt is everything i hoped t would be and i know i will wear it to death.
I'm 5'7", 120 lbs, size 0 was best.  ordered the green color.  great flattering fit!
I love hd paris styles & this jumpsuit appealed to me online so i ordered a 6p. i am usually a 4 or 6 in regular sizes at retailer. i decided the regular size may be too long & too much fabric for me. i am 5'3", 118#, 36c. it was easy to slip into it, zip up the back & tie the black ribbon in the back. it doesn't say in the 'details' that it has a built-in bra which is a good feature. the bra cups are a little small on me but not a deal-breaker. the length is fine falling just above my ankles. i j
I like the detail in this cardigan. the shape is true to the fit on the model of the main picture, the sleeves are a bit long, however i am 5'2.5 and 107 lbs, i ordered and kept the xxsp. great staple item!
The is such a cute a-line skirt and perfect for the summer with a white tee. i bought the moss color and the rose gold buttons on it look really pretty. i'm 5'1 ,103 pounds and bought the 00 regular since i did not want to go too short with the petite size. it does run slightly big so order a size down if you have a smaller waist. love this and the price!
These jeans are fantastic - the denim is very high quality and the fit is true to size. the dark rinse is very flattering and pairs well with almost anything. my only (small) gripe is that the length is a bit awkward. i'm 5'4" and it fits more like a regular pair of jeans, not ankle-length. just something to keep in mind if you're not super tall like the model in the picture.
I really loved this skirt on the model. i ordered it in my typical 0 and it fit well. the green was adorable, and the buttons are rose gold, which is quite pretty. i did exchange this skirt for a 2, only because the 0 was just too short for me. if the 2 is a bit longer but not terribly huge in the waist, i will probably keep it. i was surprised by how large the a line felt, but i think i can get used to it. it really is very fun, and very easy to dress up or down. i'm really hoping the bigger si
I absolutely love this skirt! i feel like the color works well for most seasons: you can pair it with a light tee or tank top and some sandals during warmer months, or layer it with a sweater, thick tights and boots in autumn. really nice staple piece for your wardrobe. i do think it runs a bit large: i generally wear a 6 (depending on the brand and style), but this 6 was way too large around my waist by at least a couple inches. i returned it and got a 4, which fit me perfectly. it's nice that
This skirt makes me look at least a size smaller. i love it! the sa was wearing it in the store and it liked great on her as well with just a plain white top. tts- got my usual 10 in green.
Thank you pilcro for making a skirt that is a great alternative to shorts or capris. i bought the green skirt and wore it on vacation. i realized a lighter color would be nice for summer, and ordered the light blue. it's tempting to get the red as well. the fit is great. i am 5'7 and the length is perfect. the skirt has weight. i am sure i will wear both of my skirts time and time again.
These leggings are very comfortable with a bit of control. i ordered the m and they fit perfectly, as usual i do have to tuck the hem up just a bit but i have to do that with all my leggings. i love the laser cut detail on the side which is a lavender color.
Runs a bit small, but this top is super soft like all the cloth and stone tops. great for all seasons!!
I'm not a western girl but this dress is so adorable. i love the colors, it's adorable and unique. while its definitely a full swingy shirt dress i didn't find it overly large. i plan on wearing as a dress with sleeves rolled up. under the pilcro denim jacket it looks so cute. and open over jeans with a white tank like a jacket.
I already have one pair of sleep pants by retailer and was looking for a second pair. i wanted something warm and comfortable for the fall and upcoming winter weather. (i live in the rockies.) as soon as i saw the woodland animal print on these pants i had to try them. i mean seriously, how cute are the raccoons and other critters here? when they arrived at first i thought they might be too thin for winter wear, but when i put them on i was pleasantly surprised by the soft, comfy fabric. i
I am not sure who in the world could really wear this as a dress without belting it...definitely a super weird cut. extreme a-frame. the fabric is just absolutely gorgeous and it is so well made otherwise. i thought about trying to size down but it would be too small in the shoulders for sure. i am going to keep anyway. i've already worn it with jeans and a t-shirt and as a topper with a denim shirt dress. it actually looked fantastic with both. i'll get a lot of wear out of it, just not the way
This is a very cute fall dress that can be worn in a myriad of styles. from styling it with a pair of wedges and dark tights, to donning a bolo and ankle boots, heads will turn when you walk into the room.
I bought these pants for my girlfriend for christmas. she really loved them! the material the pants are made of is very comfortable. the animals are super cute too.
I cant say enough about these pants - they are such good quality. i bought the xs. they are tight enough and don't create crease in my legs. length is perfect for my 5.1 statue.
Super cozy! now that the colder weather is coming i will likely be wearing these every night relaxing at home!!
I am a frequent retailer shopper who has found many items to be hit or miss. this one's a definite hit:) i absolutely love the vibe of this sweater wrap (unique, bohemian, feminine, cozy), the fabric (beautiful intricate weave, high quality knit, wearable virtually year-round thanks to air conditioning), how stylish it is (fringe, very "in" kimono cocoon cardigan), how much of my wardrobe it goes with (neutral ivory color that can be dressed up or down, elegant or casual), and the fact that it has
I saw this shirt and new that i had to have it. i love the tassel on the back at the tie. the fabric is not too sheer. the fit is loose and will be cool this summer.
I saw this dress in my local retailer store and had to try it on. i cannot say enough good things about this dress! i love it!  like other reviewers said it runs very big. i am 5'8" 138 pounds and usually wear a size 6 but got this in a 2. fits like a shirt dress should once i sized down.
Love this top!!!! it is just gorgeous and fits great!
These are very cool leggings. the cut out design really puts them several classes above a simple black legging. they can be worn with dressier tops and could be a sophisticated looking outfit. i wore them for the first time today and really loved them. i didn't feel like i was out in "leggings" but more like i was wearing a nice pair of pants. the fabric is soft and the cut is very flattering all over - including the rear. they are definitely sculpting and firming. they fit the same size-wise as
Based on others' reviews, i knew i needed to try this beauty on to be sure of my size. as others mentioned, it runs 1-2 sizes large. but, unlike others, i don't feel i need a belt at the waist. i am 5'2" 140# 34d and with my body style (super short and not super slim in the waist but also busty) this is the perfect boho fit and the perfect drape!!!  and the design and quality are superb to boot!!!
As the other reviewers stated, it does run large, i sized down 1 size and it's perfect. great dress to wear so many ways.
This cardigan can be dressed up with leggings and booties or dressed down with jeans and chucks. i love the fit of the small (5''3" and small/medium build). would highly recommend for a dinner out or lounging around at home.
This dress is loose, unique, and super cute! you'll get noticed in this dress! i ordered down a size.
Totally out of my style range but am totally enamored by this tent dress/shirt/coat thing! ok, so yes it's very very tenty, but fits on my shoulders (size down 1x or 2x if you're narrow shouldered) and i use one of my leather belts to gather the material and make myself a nice western fit & flare! like the model shots, this looks great with a tee and skinnies. if you have tried the marvelous silk santee swing dress, the escalante has the same amount of fabric that reviewer either love or hate. i
I love this top. i ordered it online thinking that it would be a comfy top for the weekends and i was right. the front is a heavier fabric than the whisper thin tops and yet the back is a wonderfully lightweight cotton handkerchief feel. i am petite and it fits great.
I had this on my birthday list and was really hopeful that it'd work out based on all of the good reviews. when i got it, i was happy with the fit and fabric, but i was stumped as to what i'd wear it with. it hung in the closet for a couple of weeks because i just didn't know if i could pull off the length. i took the plunge today and find it pairs nicely with a flared leg pant and simple shirt underneath. it's so stretchy, warm, and cozy! the sweater does shed as another reviewer mentioned so k
I love the design of these. the laser cut outs are solid and hold up in the wash. they are great for work-outs and cute enough to wear as leggings out. i wore them to my bar method class, came home and just changed my top and continued wearing them the rest of the day as a cute outfit. they have a great snug fit and the fabric is thick and durable.
I cant say enough about this top. the material is soft and comfy . very well made. the length and  size is spot on! looks great tucked in or out! very versatile. highly recommend!!
I liked this blouse very much the minute i first seen it, it looks exactly as pictured but sits much better in person. i'm 6ft tall 160lb ordered a 10 which was true to size with a little more room to the bottom. i was able to see my belly button through the sheer part of the bottom fabric, but as soon as i sucked my belly in, it was fine. the quality of the fabric is so-so i had some threads hanging out here and there, but this top looks very good in person and the design is unique, you can hav
I just purchased this cute dress on sale and made sure to size down one size so instead of my regular small, i ordered an extra small which fits me perfectly. i'm a petite yet busty 34d-27-35 and 5'4" and think the dress looks adorable on especially since i'm a huge fan of all things plaid. it's a lighter weight dress so it's perfect for spring or summer but can be worn in fall/winter with this color scheme by adding tights, boots and a sweater or jacket. i also love that it has pockets. i don't
This shirt is perfect. hangs nicely, and i love the little longer sleeves.  beautiful color too!
I was so surprised by this jacket! i grabbed it as a last minute thought and then when i tried it on i was in love! i have a pink dress i'm going to wear it over but i also love it over a frilly off white tank or even just over a basic t. i am so excited for cooler weather. be warned its not lined or warm. its more of a shirt than a true jacket but it's perfect for fall in california. i wear a small or m and went with a medium on this one.
Love this skirt, easy to wear and very flattering. looks better in person, i saw it at the store and bought it; when i looked at it on-line i didn't realize it was the same skirt. this is a "go to" skirt, comfy and sexy all in one! even wore it to the airport with a pair of boots and sweater....super comfortable and still looked nice! great purchase!
Very comfortable. super cute! my husband says it's the cutest bathing suit i've ever owned (and i've owned a lot)!!!!!
I got this in black, size medium, my usual size. i am fairly "curvy" on top and found the shape in that area very flattering to my figure. it is shown as being rather drapey in front and indeed it does fit rather large at the bottom & indeed through the body itself. since i'm slim there, i will have to tailor it, am used to this considering i have to buy to fit my chest. but i'm keeping it for sure as i love the fabric and i think it will become a staple of my wardrobe. good job retailer!
I ordered the gold in size xl. it fits true to size, matching the online photos. the color & details are prettier in person. such a comfortable tee. it's washed/dried well too. i hope they make more colors for this fall. it's been a great basic!
This jacket is perfect for fall! lightweight and easily worn over other tops or layers. looks great with jeans!
These pants fit great, are soft, comfy, and flattering. i'm 5'7" and the length is perfect in a medium. they wash well.
I initially bought this dress to wear to an interview that required something casual, yet could be dressed up with interesting jewelry. although i ended up wearing another black dress, i kept this.  paired with interesting black booties and a great necklace, this dress is easy to wear  - and stylish. most importantly, comfortable. i could see myself wearing this on days that i feel inspired to dress up, but want to wear something that is not fussy. and, the pockets!
This top is great to wear under a blazer when cool or alone on a warm day. i rated it as runs small only because if you are a little busty as i am, it is a little snug across the chest. otherwise fits great.
This top is another winner from left of center! i love swing tops and this is just adorable. fitted through the sleeves and top portion, it drapes nicely in a very flattering way without looking "maternity". i love the rayon on the upper back which adds interest and a slight contrast. i purchased it in the gold color which is beautiful and the fabric is light and very comfortable. in my opinion it runs large. i'm usually a sp but ordered an xsp for a more fitted look but it still looked big for
This is a great top and got compliments already...it does have a longer sleeve like the picture, but really not bad. it's so comfortable and color is fabulous. great with any scarf too.
Snap this one up but make sure you order a size larger than your normal size. it runs a full size too small. it sold out before and i was told it wasn't coming back in. i had purchased one previously in my regular size but it was too small. to my delight, it's back, and i've purchased one in the next size up. it's well made, can go from business to sport to casual.
I am obsessed with this shirt! it's sooooo comfy and soft, like wearing a blanket! perfect for throwing over yoga clothes. comfy yet adorable.
This jacket is a perfect, lightweight cover for dresses as shown online, but will also look great with jeans and tops. the embroidery looks amazing and is high quality. the tie in the back can make the shirt a little more form-fitted. while its a masculine style, its has feminine details and fit. this is my third hei hei jacket, the sizes between them are consistent (i'm 5'4'', 125lbs. 34c and i wear an xs in this jacket) - each one i've worn a million times!
This great weekend staple is the perfect lightweight jacket. it has a roomy, comfortable fit but the drawstring helps you create a bit of a waist. got lots of compliments on the embroidery.
This top is perfect! i'm 5'9" and a medium build, and it's hard to find tops that have long enough sleeves. this is really long! i love the weight of the fabric - perfect under a coat and heavy enough for cool texas winter days. the fabric is really soft and the color is a blue-ish grey. the style is feminine but not too girlie. it's my new go to top!!
This top is awesome. i purchased the gold color in a small. fits perfectly and true to size; sleeves are nice and long. definitely recommend!
I like this sweater very much. it's short but not too short, and soft but not fluffy. the design is a little interesting rather than plain and the colors (i ordered the tan) are great for me, a redhead. i'm 5'3", 125 lbs and don't like clingy tops so i took a m and it's perfect. really cutewith jeans.
I would highly recommend this top. it is beautiful and it helps to hide problem areas. much prettier than the picture depicts. i am very happy with this purchase. can't wait to wear with black or white capris this summer.
At 46 years old, i still like fun, hip, fashionable items, but i don't want to look like i raided my 21 year old daughter's closet. this jacket hits the mark perfectly. it looks great layered over a casual dress or with skinny jeans and a wedge. the embroidery and the back tie soften the masculine color and shape. i'll be wearing this often!
Very flattering on. fitted on top with a loose swingy bottom. like most retailer tops it does run a little big. i would size down if between sizes. the material does seem a little fragile so i'm not sure how it will hold up. i like the look/fit enough that i may get a 2nd color.
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 145 lbs, and 38 (36d) - 32-40 and the size 12 fit me perfectly with just a bra on underneath, when zipped up. i plan on wearing tank tops or thin t-shirts under it, and leaving it unzipped. i'm normally a size 10, but at retailer, i'm a 12 in their jackets.  2. thin with a thin lining, but stiff enough to hold its shape. the front zipper also helps give firmness to the front edge.  3. the fabric is white with lots of beige embroidery and lace holes.  4. i have a feeling thi
I love this jacket. i have worn it twice and gotten compliments both times. the details on the sleeves are so unique and interesting. it fits tts. i am typically an xl and i ordered that size- i can wear a long sleeve collared shirt underneath so it is perfect for me. the pictures on the website don't do it justice. it looks much nicer in person.
These pants are super comfy and fit true to size. i went up to a size large because i wanted them extra roomy and longer. i'm 5'10" and 140lbs and generally wear a size 6-8 in pants. i highly recommend them for stylish and comfy lounge pants!
I got the ivory. it's very cute under the split back cloth & stone button down denim in slightly oversized top (i wear sm but bought the med in the denim button down). this top in ivory runs true to size but the dark colors in sm fit like a medium. the top snags easily. it 's pricey but i love it.
I really love this top. it's cute, whimsical, and comfy. i received many compliments on it. it's a really good length and good quality. happy i purchased it, especially during the tag sale.
Sleepwear is always hit or miss with me. i am 5' 8" and curvy, and typically sleep pants hit right above my foot and aren't long enough. or they stretch out after a few wearings and look baggy or unflattering. however, this pair exceeded all my expectations! first, they are just plain pretty. the pattern and colors are lovely. the blue at the ankle is a cute touch. the fabric is soft and slightly drapey - but substantial enough for warmth and not see-through at all. i also like how the waist is
This shirt is amazing. it's soft, comfortable. i can't speak yet as to how well it will hold up but i plan on wearing it a lot. the cut is great, the shirt flutters away from under the empire waist line and the nylon patch in the back, creating a flattering shape without clinging anywhere. the sleeves are nice, long, and fitted.  this shirt will work great as a winter/fall basic piece but the texture, color, and contrast detail in the back make it interesting on its own. very versatile.  the col
I tried it on in the store & loved it but didn't purchase. then the retailer sale happened so i had to order it. it's lightweight and perfect for southern california. the embroidery adds funk and femininity. i'm 45 and feel like this works well for any age. i'm typically a large or 12 and the large fit perfect. i can't wait till the temps drop so i can wear it!!!
Love these bottoms, cheekier than i thought but like them even more!
Super comfortable and on trend with the embroidery and beading - wore it day after i received to the airport over tee shirt & jeans and got compliments left and right - love it!!
I found this at my local retailer. it is a beautiful unique sweater. it fits nicely a bit longer in the back and a tad loose on the bottom. i've gotten loads of compliments as it's truly special. i'm not sure why it's not sold out yet!
This cut and fit is so good. i sized up because my body just needs that with pullovers generally, and i was glad i did. it fits just right!
This jacket is far more attractive than on the website. i would have passed this up had i not seen it in the store. the embroidered sleeve detail is intricate with raised cream colored stitching surrounded by small brass beads on a rich, olive green background. blue detail sets this off as a unique statement piece that will surely draw compliments. i am 5'1, 110 lbs. and the extra small regular fit fine. i considered a petite but the salesperson thought the longer length would look better so i w
A fabulous light weight jacket. love the detail and fit is perfect and comfortable. the jacket was not so interesting on the display table but once tried on it became mine and i suspect this is going to sell out. i really love the light color denim trim on the lapels. a keeper!  i purchased a medium and that is my standard size in retailer jackets.  for reference: 34 dd  and 145 pounds and 5'4 height.
I want to hate these jeans because they are so expensive but every time i try these on they just look so cool.  they seem to be handmade so the flowers are not in the same spot on each pair.
True to size and fits great. the sleeves are the perfect size and it's so versatile.
True to form, this retailer sweater hits the mark! it's light weight, stylish, great for a shorter person like myself, and has cute detailing. the sleeves are little long, but i push them up anyway and the cream color i bought goes with everything. the xs size is more comfortable and flattering than the s if you are short. i would have bought the bluish gray color of this sweater, too, but already own a similarly shaded and textured sweater from retailer from last year...love that one,
Just purchased tonight and love i this little jacket.  the embroidery and beading down the sleeves is such an interesting touch yet neutral enough to wear with just about everything this fall.  runs tts.
Bought this in dark grey, which has a lovely bluish hue. the fabric is soft & comfy and it has great lines for a knit fabric. very flattering! the sleeves are nice and long.
I was leary about ordering this but absolutely loved it when it arrived!  i found out the front could be the back and the back could be the front - reversible, right?  and the styling of the shirt was very complimentary to my body.
I love these jeans. i am usually a size 27 or 28 in boyfriend jeans and i kept the size 28. i chose the baggier fit. the size 27 did fit, but it was a more fitted look. so i guess i would say you could definitely go with your regular boyfriend size and pick the fit that you prefer. i really feel like this is a jean that you should try on before purchasing, but the availability of these makes it almost impossible. i literally stalked the site so i could purchase both sizes and choose the ones tha
Although the weather is getting warm in ca, the gold color and cut of this shirt made me want to buy just one more long sleeved item--and it didn't disappoint! i'm actually looking forward to next winter so i can wear it again!
Love this brand and i keep coming back. i don't have the most tone tush, but maaji always gives a cute little lift. i order a size up (usually a small so i order a medium).
Yes, this is a bit expensive; however, it is made in the usa, so that is a very good thing. i appreciate having the opportunity to buy high quality, well-designed basic pieces that are simultaneously supporting my community and country. when you are considering this pretty top, please click on the gold so that you can see the detail. it is very well-made and flattering. i love how it has a slight shape at the back, very flattering and feminine. the feel and weight of the cotton is remarkably com
I love these pants. only wish they i was a little taller, i'm 5'4" and the small is a little long for me.
Colors are very vibrant! lays very nicely on the body.
This is one of my favorite retailer dresses - it's flowy and makes me feel beautiful. i loved it so much that i bought it in two colors! it does run big, so i would size down but when you find your size, you'll love it!
I really liked the dress on line, but, i didn't appreciate how lovely it was until i received it. it fit perfectly, and has a lovely flare at the hemline for a flirty feel. i wear it with taupe colored booties and it is perfect for work and afterwork.
I'm in love with this dress! i have seen the chevron pattern of this dress on many women and i can honestly say that i haven't seen a body that it doesn't look good on. i am a busty girl and was afraid the shape of this dress would make me look as if i was expecting and much to my surprise it didn't at all. this is such a great transitional piece to have in your closet, i highly recommend it!
I'm in love with this dress and first tried on the petite size in the store. if you don't have enormous shoulders (which i do) , i think the petite would fit someone in the 5'6" range. what i'm trying to say is the dress is pretty long. the cut is beautiful and patterns perfectly complementary. i've been reading marie kondo's book and this one "sparks joy"!
I really love this top. normally i would not go for a lot of narrow stripes like this because i would think it is too busy, but this one is certainly the exception. both colors are fantastic and i think the design is alluring-not busy. i like that it buttons down which offers a lot of flexibility to display necklaces or have completely up to complete change the look. one of the things i absolutely love about this is that it has long sleeves. i think it is rare these days to find something that i
I had this in my cart for ages, waiting for a sale and debating the dress in general. i am delighted as it did finally go on sale, i bought it, and it is fabulous!!! my measurements are 36/28/39, i wear a 34d bra, and the small fit perfectly. the only problem i have had with it is that the lining in the front shows about 3/8" at the bottom of the dress once i have worn the dress. what seems to happen is that the dress creeps up due to its wrinkling, but the lining does not, hence the showing. i
I was so happy to see this dress at one of my local retailer stores since i've had this in my basket since i first saw it, i tried it on in my usual size and it runs true to size in all areas. the length is as shown int he picture, i am 5'4" and it hit me right above the knee. i am short waisted and the dress fit perfect, sat right above my waist and then lay just as shown. not too much material to make you look fuller in the hips, and also not too young looking. i am planning to wear it to
This is a great summer dress. i bought this dress in both l and xl because this brand varies. i kept the l because the fit was better. the xl was wider and had larger armholes the fabric and colors are beautiful. lots of compliments, it is lined, highly recommend.
I got 2 of these dresses, one in the navy with small flowers and the gray/yellow print. i am 51 and the navy looked a little old fashioned on me. i think if you are younger it would be super cute. the gray/yellow diagonal stripe is super cute! it's a more modern design in the fabric and i love it. it will be my favorite go to dress for the summer. i also think it will pack nicely for trips. i am 5'7" and wear a small or medium with retailer clothes and i got a small in this dress and it's p
This dress is beautiful - it is just as pretty as it looks in the picture, if not prettier. it is a great material, the colors are beautiful, and it is perfect to throw on in the summer. i highly recommend it.
Perfect summer dress! this is a must buy! it can be dressed up or down
I am pretty obsessed with these and wish i could get them in many more patterns. the fit is ultra comfortable and true to size. the style allows you to put on a t-shirt, sweater, cardigan + t, whatever, and look completely put together. i got loads of compliments on them on the first day i wore them.
I wasn't sure about this top but i had a feeling i needed to at least try it on. it drapes so beautifully and the keyhole neck is a lovely little touch. i love the asymmetric hemline and the fabric is incredibly soft. as far as the fit goes i found that it did run slightly small.
Love this top! tried on a small in the store as it was the only size the had. the sales person ordered me a medium on line. i am wearing it tomorrow for my birthday! the stretch fabric is very flattering.
I was skeptical when i saw it online. i was not sure about the white background. but it had good reviews and the cut seemed to be what i looked for so i gave it a try and ordered online. i ordered s and xs. i was really surprised how well this dress fits. i am 5.4 and about 126 lbs, pear shape. the fabric is thicker and lined but not too heavy. the cut is slimming, flattering and structured. i decided to keep the xs size. i hope i can find more dresses like this one in retailer.
I feel for the reviewer who didn't like this top. i tried on my normal size medium and it was not very flattering (just too short). when i sized up, everything changed. this top is amazing--super flattering and high quality. i love the material, v-cut, and subtle way the tassels hang. i wish they had more colors-i would buy them all! this top sold out in a day at my store. it's a winner-just make sure you size up.
This dress is so flattering, i had wanted to try it on for awhile. when it hit sale w/ additional % off i headed to my local store. the dress fits like a dream, so darn cute for summer, in cali we have a lot of summer left. this dress pairs perfectly with the gretta espadrilles. my usual size small was perfect. hurry and get this perfect dress before it sells out!
Absolutely love everything about this dress. unlike many other dresses i've ordered from retailer it fits me in the chest (34c). it's very flattering. love the lace up front and the fabric is like a soft lined linen. can't wait to wear it. i got the s regular. if i was any bigger in the chest or through the ribs tho it would be too small. i almost ordered the medium and was certain i would end up needing a bigger size but the small turned out just right. like it was made for me
Soft, silky, lined in silky natural fabric, hangs great without being weighty. extremely flattering on my xl short body. i'm petite, but for tunic dresses always order regular sizes, so they go just a hint over my knees--exactly what i need. lovely details: sequins and weighted tassels. highly recommend!
This is my very shirt i have ever bought at retailer! it's very comfortable and fashionable.
I get so many compliments every time i wear this dress. friends, strangers, younger, older and even the pharmacist at my drugstore wanted to know where i bought the dress. it has a 70's vibe to it, fun and swingy. perfect for fall in florida with sandals or when it gets cooler, i think it will look great with leggings and boots. i purchased the orange and dark gray in a medium petite (i'm 5'4' and 135) and it hit just above my knee. my favorite dress right now!
This dress is just what i was looking for. i ordered it in late summer. it was back ordered and i ended up wearing it on thanksgiving day! it's so comfortable, and just the right length. i wore it with leggings and boots, but it will be just as great with sandals in the spring.
This is a beautiful dress. it has great detail and is well made. the tassles are very heavy which is kind of funny because the dress is light and airy. it is pretty, cute and sexy all in one dress!
Great tunic!  i get compliments every time i wear it. :)
I absolutely love this dress. it's flattering and feminine. you will love it. it runs large so size down.
Loved the dress on-line. ordered a petite small. fits perfectly. i am barely 5'5" and carry my weight in hips and thighs. this fits perfectly without being too snug on the butt!! so, if you are a pear shape, get this dress!!
Beautifully embroidered dress.  it's loose fitting, not meant to be tailor fitted, so it would run large to you if that's what you were expecting.  the colors are gorgeous and the skirt has a really beautiful flow.  if you are hoping for a fitted look, size down one size.  there is plenty of stretch to this dress and plenty of room in the bust and waist.  i generally go between 00p and 0p, and got this in a 0p (though either would work).  it comes to just above my knees at 5'2", 110, 32-24.5-32.
I saw this in the store and decided to try it on. it is so pretty. the fit is perfect. i didn't think that i would like it due to the sequins on the front. when i put it on, i didn't mind them at all. it really is a beautiful dress with beautiful colors. dry clean only is the only drawback to this one.
Such a beautiful, flattering dress! i bought this to wear for our anniversary dinner and received so many compliments.
I'm stunned by the bad reviews by others. i love this dress! it is an amazing, feminine, detailed, exceptional work of art, and lucky for me -- who usually takes 14s and 16s -- that it runs big. there is stretch to it, and it fits great! lucky, lucky me.
Great quality and cut! they are so versatile, which i love! highly recommend these!
This dress is beautiful. swingy and fun, and the floral pattern is just stunning for fall and winter. i am planning on wearing it with black tights and ankle booties. could be dressed up or down- very versitle. fits my tall curvy frame perfectly. love.
Saw this in the store and just had to have it. beautiful design. fits perfectly. looks nice with a belt as well.
These literally are more comfortable than sweatpants. they are definitely "relaxed" and look a little baggier on than in the photo, but still cute and flattering.
This dress is a great dress for spring and summer (and early fall) events. it's surprisingly light weight and comfortable. you can pair different shoes with the dress due to the various colors which makes it easy to dress up and down. i definitely recommend if you're looking for a fun, floral, feminine dress.
Count me in as a five star lover of this dress! the details are so rich and interesting, so be prepared to get noticed when wearing. i'm happy to say that getting the size medium regular (instead of petite) was a good choice for my top heavy frame. the chest is fitted but not tight, the length is a not-too-short above knee, the tiered layers swing so nicely, and the beads/sequins add a touch is whimsy to the design. my one negative is the tassels at the neck tie--soo heavy cumbersome to style. o
This dress is lovely.  it flows nicely and is extremely flattering.  also true to size.  unfortunately i do not care for a lot of glitter/sparkle, which this dress has going down the very front so it is going back.  wish i could pull off the glitter but can't.  i absolutely love this dress otherwise and very much recommend it.
Love this tunic...and so do others! so many compliments already!! i've worn it with skinny jeans as well as flowy black pants. it needs a cami underneath since it's sheer. i also like to wear it with my long retailer necklaces!
If it's a knock off, its of the "poise" dress, and a pretty good one at that. this is a beautiful dress that took my breath away the moment i saw it. when i saw such a poor rating i just had to see why. the erin fetherston dress is over $100 more and they look just about the same. i'd rather have the $ and the look!
I love this style and was pleasantly surprised that it fit my curvy shape well, despite it being a fairly straight shift style. it does wrinkel easily because of the linen fabric, but otherwise is really perfect! it is dressy enough for bridal showers or brunches but could also be worn casually.
Very comfortable,  looks great on. like the color & fabric. something you can throw on & go
Love this top! i'm 5' 118 lbs, purchased in a medium and plan on wearing it as a dress! it is so cute!
I'm so glad to own this one. i just tried it today and fully satisfied as always with pilcro. true to size, perfect color. high waisted and flare just right. can be paired with cropped top or peasant top. looking taller on this outfit! best of all i got it on sale!
The most disappointing thing about buying flare jeans when you're 5'4" is taking them to the tailor to have a chunk of what makes them flares hacked off. not so with the petite 31" inseam on these!!! love the perfect amount of stretch, the rise is high but not too high and the flare is perfect. definitely recommend.
I had this in my cart for a while online and ended up finding it in store. the medium fit good and looked great. i can't wait to wear it with a great pair of leggings. i did have to buy some static spray as it was sticking to my leggings i had on that day buying it.
Love the pilcro brand, they are one of my favorites, even compared to other more expensive denim brands. i ordered my usual two sizes smaller and found they did not fit this time! i probably should have ordered one size smaller than my usual in this cut. sadly, i have to send these beauties back and hope for a pop-back.
I ordered a pair online, they came today and i am in love! the fit is great, i love the high rise waist. i will have to hem the bottom, i am a tad short (5'3") and it is rare that i don't have to hem my jeans. they make my legs look longer and are a very flattering fit. i am very pleased with my purchase.
This coat is gorgeous. the minute i saw it online i ordered as fast as i can type! when it arrived it exceeded my expectations in every way. the lace detail is exquisite and the fit is so flattering. i have the beatrice coat of last year and i so love it and this is equally beautiful. a must for retailer shoppers.  i ordered my usual size and it fits to perfection.
Nice jeans, fit true to size and look as pictured. i recommended those to a friend and she bought and liked them as well.
I love these jeans. the wash is nice enough for work. they fit well around the waist and have just the right mid-rise height, to make them stylish- not mom jeans at all. i am a pilcro convert. very comfortable too.
I rarely even try on denim at retailer because i'm quite curvy and the styles, while cute on the models, rarely have fit me. not so with these jeans! they're my first pair of pilcros and a steal at the sale price! i'm 5'3", 150lbs, 32d for reference and i purchased a regular 28, even though i'm often a 27 in my favorite long and lean jeans. they hug my butt and hips in a very sexy way, but not to the point of not being able to wear them at my office. i will need to get them hemmed, but not
I was hesitant to order high rise pants, seems they only ever look good on a tall person. but these worked out perfect, i'm barely 5'6", and the pants are just as long on me as the model in the picture, just barely brushing the floor when i'm in heels, though if i'm honest they do touch down a bit which will scuff them most likely, but to tailor 1/4 inch seems ridic. love them, super sexy, slimming, and elegant, the color is rich and the material is not too thick or thin, very comfortable stretc
This top definitely looks better in person. i thought it looked pretty online, but when i tried it on, it looked even better! this top is on the longer side and fits like it looks on the model. the fabric is perfect in my opinion because i don't have to 1) dry clean it, 2) iron it, or 3) worry about it itching or bothering my skin. i am 5'8", 140 lbs, and 34 a/b. i purchased a size xs and it drapes wonderfully. i love the crochet around the neckline, the 3/4 length sleeves, and the colors of the
Saw this top online and immediately had to purchase it! the first time i wore it i received many compliments... even my husband commented how cute it is. as shown in the photo, the back is longer than the front. i am 5'6" and my top fell as the model's does. love this top and so happy with my purchase! i bought a size small, i normally wear medium or small tops. fit runs a little large, but small fit perfect!
Love these jeans!! i ordered one pair and liked them so much i ordered another right away! i ordered the 26 regular. yes, they are too long (i'm 5'4 1/2"# for flats, but look fantastic with heels #i need 2 1/2" - 3" to wear with these). the fit is comfortable, they stretch just enough to look nice and still move with you. they are not binding at all.  the first time i wore them i got so many compliments. i even had a friend tell me she did not understand why flares were coming back because she t
I loved this skirt. the material is so fun and a love the pattern. unfortunately they didn't have the size i needed so it had to go back to the store
These were as great in person as i had hoped; great color for fall, super comfy and flattering fit. happy with my purchase!
I am so happy i ordered this jumpsuit. it is exactly as pictured and has a very flattering fit. the fabric is light and it's very well made. great length for dressing up with heals or dressing down with flats. i love it!
Just got this dress in the mail yesterday and i love the style and fabric soooo much!!! the fabric looks kind of shiny in the photos so i wasn't quite sure, however in person it's a perfect blend that can easily be dressed up or down. sadly i cannot fully see how it looks on me because the bust of it is way too small. i normally wear a 0 or 2 in a dress and am a 32c but the inside panel that you cannot see in any of the photos is very fitted to the chest and i cannot even zip the size 2 over my
I haven't worn jeans in a year because i felt uncomfortable and constrained. these are as soft as my leggings. they have so much stretch, you could do yoga in them. if you want the jean look w/o the stiffness/structure, get these. flattering to the booty too.
I kept going back to this sweater as this goes with so many different bottoms! thank you retailer! i ordered the petite version since i am not as tall as the model so the length is perfect! the speckles of gray are beautiful and would frame any complexion! the fit if flattering with straight pants or short skirts.
I ordered the xxs p and it is almost big, so between true to size and big. it is both flattering and stretchy. the waist comes in nicely, the sleeves are not annoying, and the sparkle add to the lbd in my opinion. length was right above the knee.just. i am 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist for reference...
Have had a hard time finding comfy dresses appropriate but not too long for my 15 year old daughter. purchased this tunic in a regular xs and she loves it! she wore today with suede booties-very soft, cute and longer than many dresses sold for teens. she initially thought it was a winter sweater dress but i explained it is mostly cotton and would be a great transitional piece for spring and fall.
I am on an retailer diet but i can't stop thinking about this top! tried it on with my sister when shopping and if only they'd had my size in stock i'd have been a goner for sure. it is super comfy -- the fabric is somehow both lightweight and structured. while i'm kind of sick of high/low, this one manages to execute in a really subtle way that just manages to hide the bum without being in your face. love the sparkle -- you could wear this to work then out on a date or all weekend long. so versat
This tunic is a lighter weight knit that isn't bulky to wear under coats, etc. it has grey shades running through the natural color which gives the knit more depth. it has a flattering fit. i bought it in the petite size and the length is perfect. i like the way the knit pattern runs two different directions in the front. it adds more interest to the look.
When i first saw this shirt in person i was shocked because the lines on it are sparkly and colorful.  now that i look closely at the shirt online i see that, but i did not expect it cause it wasn't as obvious in the online photos.  it is much more prominent in person. i ordered it in my usual size and it fits perfectly - just like the model, definitely oversized but appropriately so.  the length was also great (i'm 5'8) which made me very happy.
I just received these denim joggers. this is my first pair of denim joggers and they are absolutely stunning. i like the decorative band. i do feel as these will be a staple in my wardrobe. the possibilities with these joggers are endless.
This is one of the cutest jackets i have ever owned. nice soft material. i have a steamer so won't have to iron this, depends on how picky you'd be about that. great cut. ordered my normal size. sending another jacket back that luckily i hadn't worn yet. i know between the two, i will always pick this one. didn't find the sleeves too long which was good as no petite option. seriously so excited to wear this. :)
Love everything about these! they are super fostering and comfy. i am a busy mom and need comfort. these are a great addition to my closet. super cute with booties, wedges and flats.
They fit me great, are super comfortable. they are casual, yet also stylish thanks to details like the colorful waistband and the zippers on the side of the legs. they looks great and i think i can wear them for many occasions. i love them with booties :). i think they look better in person than online, too
This fits like a regular top for me. i can take petite on top most of the time. i bought this in a medium regular and it fits like my regular high low tees or tops. i think it's so cute on. it's light weight enough for warmer weather. i'm going to love it this spring/summer and into fall with a jacket or cardigan. another plus is it doesn't gape at the armpit which i get sometimes with regular cuts. it's not so low cut on me either, but i have a 32f (37-38ish inches) bust so that may be why? it
I am normally a pretty big fan of the moth brand, but i took a chance on this dress/tunic and i am so glad i did! i love love love this piece. it's soft, light weight material make t perfectly versatile so spring, winter and fall. it's so easy to throw on with a pair of leggings or skinny jeans and dress up or down with a scarf or necklace. i've already worn it several times and wearing it right now actually! it fits very true to size, i am 36d, 31" waist and 5' 2" so i ordered a large and it fi
This hoodie has a great fit! it is slightly tapered in at the waist so it is not boxy. in fact, it is quite flattering. it has pockets and a cute rubber zipper pull. the hood is a nice size, not overwhelming to the back profile. i purchased the matching pants a few months ago but had not idea when i ordered this. now i have a super cute "lounge at the lake" ensemble.
I was immediately drawn to this stunning blouse ( in pink) in the store. it is a fabulous silk and velvet just in time for the holidays and beyond. in true floreat style it is well made and unique.  i'd say it fits tts to maybe slightly small if you want it to fit like it does on the model. i usually buy petite sizes when available but went with regular sizing as that is what was in the store and i liked the fit.
In person this pattern is vibrant and lovely. i usually wear an xl in tops but in flowy ones like these i can size down to a l, which i did. the nice thing about the cut is it minimizes a large bust while maintaining a nice shape. it is a bit long which lengthens the torso if you are short like me. the bib portion is almost quilted and very substantial. all in all, a great purchase.
I love the embroidery detailing on the top. i think this shirt looks better in person than online.  i'm an hourglass shape, and this loose style for shirts often tents out away from my chest, but this top drapes down nicely. however, loose shirts like this aren't my style, so i belt this at my waist, and it looks even better. the top flatters my broad shoulders (meaning that it doesn't make them look wider), and it hits below my hips (i'm 5'10"). i also appreciate that the armholes are small,
This top is just amazing. it does run large so size down but fit and feel is wonderful especially if you would like to hide some lumps and bumps this is the perfect top.
Ok, this shirt is like my dream.  it's large, comfy but sexy with the back dip.  as a larger chested lady (32g), i really appreciate having a tee that i can easily throw on and look put together.  clearly, this is a larger, styled swing tee but it's one of my favorites.  paired with a cute pair of boots, and easily worn with a jacket.  it can tend to fall off the shoulders so i'd size down.  i'll probably pick up the grey too.
I love this top. the material is soft but good quality and not flimsy. the cut is fitted and flattering. the color of the fabric is ivory, not bright white. the embroidery is a good quality and doesn't easily fray. the fit is true to size. i highly recommend this top. i wear it with jeans and it looks really cute, always get compliments. it's very comfortable too.
This top is so lovely. the fabric is thick and soft, and the drape is phenomenal. i did size down based on reviews, i typically wear a large and the medium is perfect, nice and flowy and very flattering.
This blouse is sumptuous! the fabric is soooo soft, embroidery beautiful, fit flattering. sadly i returned it due to the color. i mostly shop on-line due to time restriction, and the picture looks to be a winter white to me. it is a light yellow color, most pleasing with the cobalt embroidery. alas, any shade of yellow makes my skin look jaundice - so back it had to go.
The embroidery details on this top are beautiful. the material is soft and a really good quality. my first time wearing out and i received so many compliments! i love it!
Love this dress, the colors are stunning, the make is beautiful...i don't know where to start. the body part is a nice neutral color, and has beautiful beading, my concerns is snagging since the fabric is so flowy and the beading pokes out sort of... i love that they used different patterns on the layers, the skirt bottom layer has cute polka dots that are translated on the sleeves (bottom of the sleeves). sleeves, are, by the way, fun and bubble-like. the cut of the dress is not following the b
I ordered a size xl. it's flowy so it could be running larger but since the fit in the shoulders/neck/sleeves matches the model, i think it's true-to-size for the design. it is so comfortable. i love the softness of the material. the problem for me is the color. on my monitor, it looks like a light ivory or white. but, the embroidered lace bib portion is a darker ivory shade that doesn't work for my complexion so i'll be returning mine. everything is well-made though, especially the vintage-styl
The floral pattern on this tank tranforms it to a beautiful piece.  i usually tend to avoid top with full pattern because it tends to look busy, but not with this top.  i'm usually wear s/m with retailer brand depending with the design.  this tank has loose bottom section, so the s is tts for me.
I purchased this top over the weekend and absolutely love it. i am currently 9 months pregnant (due in a week) and this top is perfect bc it has plenty of length. it is super soft and comfortable for the texas heat. i am 5'6'' usually 115 lbs currently closer to 140 lbs.
Just got this in the mail today. very pretty, soft and comfortable. i could probably have sized down, but it fits fine. for reference, i'm 5'4", 138 lbs and i got an xs. grab this while it's on sale!
I'm not sure what cup size i am, 36b or 36c, but the medium fits perfect. material is soft and stretchy. i usually wear a medium size shirt. i definitely won't be wearing it out in public, but i like it a lot for at home wear. the matching underwear may run large. i'm usually one size larger in bottoms than in tops, but the medium worked for those too.
This dress is stunning. it is beautifully made with laces and beading in a way that is art. it fits in a very flattering and comfortable way. i think is would flatter any body type. the details are captivating and it immediately grabs the spotlight when you walk into a room. i ordered online and when it arrived i was stunned with it's exotic use of fabrics, textures.....a rare find and a must have.
This top is beautiful on, it has very feminine detail and is very flattering. the first time i wore it i got 4 compliments on it. i would definitely recommend!
I'm a teacher and am always looking for easy to wear pieces that will also work for my job. i also walk in to campus with my backpack, so i need something that looks good but is comfortable.  this dress drapes beautifully, is really soft, and has a wide, flattering neckline. i'm short and chose the regular size instead of petite so that it would hit right at the knee. it's definitely on the generous side: i usually wear an s and i sized down to an xs. i can definitely see getting a lot of wear
This top is really nice and the fabric is more substantial than it looks in the photo. it has a great shape and is nicely made. i ordered an xs, which i nesrly always wear, but i measure 35" in the bust and it fits well, but no extra room. i'm petite and it is not too oversized. really cute top and a great value.
I agree with the other reviews, this top runs large so size down. with that being said, this is a beautiful top, love it!
This top is soft and comfortable without being some shapeless drag with too much fabric. i did size down as did the other woman in the store with me. i can see many more wears out of this top. wish it had been made in other colors or white would be beautiful!
This top is beautifully constructed, fits true to size i ordered a medium - the armholes are nicely cut - not too loose will be able to wear with a racer back bra, accommodates my larger bust 34dd.
This is a very pretty summer top. the detailing at the neckline adds interest, and the floral pattern is gorgeous! one note: in the picture, the top appears to have a white background, but it is actually more of an ivory/cream color. this is definitely a swing top style with a lot of room in the body. i am 5' 8", 145, and normally wear a medium or 6 in retailer tops. i ordered a small in this top, and it fit great at the top but was almost too large in the body of the top. i am considering
This top is a perfect example of why retailer is heaven. the attention to detail is stunning and it drapes beautifully. i am 5'6" and 140lbs with an average build. an xs fits me perfectly. this top is very flowy. i could wear it until about six months into a pregnancy, yet it is flattering even though i am not currently adding to the human race. it's an investment, but it's high quality and worthy of the price tag.
The print is beautiful and the detail on the chest is so pretty. th fabric is a soft t-shirt martial. i ordered a medium and it fits like a large. it is supposed to be flowy and loose though. overall i feel beautiful in it. great for our hot humid charleston summers!
I tried this one on twice before i committed to it, but i'm so glad i did!! this top has a lot of volume. it is fitted in the arms (but stretchy), has quite a large neckhole (but lays beautifully on my neck and shoulders), and has a lot of volume on bottom. what i love about it is the variance in length at the hem. it's long in the front and back, then comes up on the sides. this makes the top really feminine and lovely! it's the perfect top for women who carry weight in their belly or butt...i
I tried this shirt on on a whim in my local store when i was there to shop the sale items an to my surprise, it was very flattering and comfortable. it had a unique fit and design; i tried on the black in an xs (my usual size) and surprisingly, i didn't find it to be too big at all. it fit just like it did on the model. you could almost wear it as a mini dress over leggings/shorts based on the length. like one of the previous reviewers, it would be great if it came in other colors. this top woul
This is so beautiful! i loved it online, but it's even prettier in person. it's a little greener than it appears in the photo. the straps are actually a green rather than white. i'm 5' 6'' 123 lbs and the xs fits perfectly. worth the money!
Love this shirt so much. it is comfortable and a beautiful print. i sized down because it is very flowy! it is ivory instead of white, but still looks beautiful. one of my favorite tops.
This is the reason i doggedly fight for items at retailer as there are often maybe 6 made in my xxsp.  you really have to see this in person. even the slip could be worn as a chemise alone with the double layer and dots. the colors are gorgeous. i wanted this to try with my burgundy velvet blazer (and it works withe the copper color - too).   the dress is really a swing shape - not close fitting - no "waistline" so it is very comfortable. the sleeves are fitted, but stretchy so should not be a
The colors on this blouse are beautiful and even more vibrant in person. i love that the blouse is lightweight, perfect to wear to any holiday gathering!
I have always had a thing for velvet, and velvet pants are hard to come by so i was so pleased to see these and i rushed to order a pair in the dark turquoise. they are beautiful; exactly as pictured, but a bit longer in length on me. i am 5'3". they can be dressed up, but what is so fun about them is that they can easily be dressed down as well. i am wearing them with a heather-grey t-shirt. they also pair well with the metallic linen tees. my one and only criticism is that they are a bit wide
I love this cardigan! its fit, however, really depends a lot on an individual's height and build. i am about 150 lbs. i have slim arms and am larger in the chest. my typical size in retailer clothing is m. having said that, i found that in this top a s fit best. it made a difference with how the pockets and lapels lay. the pants you wear may affect the look when you snap it closed. wearing leggings or slim pants (ex. pilcro cords) gave a much more flattering look to my backside. jeans...not so muc
This is one of my favorite retailer dresses of all time. it is soo much better in person and on than the stock photos. very romantic and fun.
This is figure featuring without being too tight. it fits exactly like the picture. it is a bit pricey, but can be dressed up or dressed down and is perfect for hot summer days as well as worn with a cardigan. i love it!
So soft and comfy.  fits great, love the length.  i am sure it will get much wear, great addition to my wardrobe.
I love this dress! there are so many different looks you can get just by adjusting the straps or shoulders. the material is lightweight and flows with every turn. i ordered my usual size 10 and it fits perfectly. i did need a little assistance in getting the side zip to go up, but once it was on i didn't want to take it off.
This is the softest cardigan i own. perfect for lounging, going to / from yoga or dressing it up with a statement piece or a scarf. i've worn it buttoned or open, and receive many compliments. i have it hanging on the inside of my closet door because i wear it more than anything else at the moment : )
Love wearing these, i see them getting a lot of wear in the winter
I don't have anything like it in my closet, really excited to wear it
I love this dress, it is very photo friendly which is a big plus for me. i am not the tallest person, 5'4" but i had to be careful not to get my sleeves in the food i was preparing. perhaps the sleeve length is a bit longer on me, but i had to be very cautious while trying to put the finishing touches on our holiday feast. it's just something to be aware of. i suggest sushi or a nice cheese plate if you want to wear it as the hostess.
I was looking for a new pair of pajama pants/around-the-house pants/occasional-quick-errand pants to replace a pair that i bought from retailer six years ago and i fell in love with the look of these.they are truly comfy and are flattering on. the lace adds a nice feminine touch that makes me feel pretty even on my laziest days. i'm hoping these will last me another six years.
I love this dress. my favorite retailer purchase in years. it is perfect. looks great- no need for ironing and is really sexy for the length and amount of material. i would buy it 10 more times if i could.   yes!
Just wanted to add my comments to the review that stated these pants ran small in the waist.  i sized up because of that review and ordered an extra large as i wanted these to be loose and comfortable. i typically am a m/l in retailer.  the xl is actually a little big but not enough that i need to return them. if you order these in a fit that is fairly loose, these are not see through at all. (i ordered the color shown on the model) i am about 5 feet 4 so the pants are not as cropped on me .
Classy pants that can look casual or sophisticated. my husband loves them on me. for a dinner out i dressed them up with a top from retailer. i think these will be a must on my trip to florida this winter since the pants will look great with a t.
I had high hopes with the other good reviews, but you just don't know how amazing this is until you put it on! just so soft and cozy! i am so excited for more saturday/sunday products at retailer!
I bought this dress online last week (in large part based on all the positive reviews), then i saw it in the store. i didn't try it on because it was already on the way to me and i had ordered a petite anyway and the store didn't carry petites. i have to say when i saw it hanging in the store i was disappointed! for some reason i didn't realize it was a sweater dress and it looked frumpy on the hanger. so i had resigned myself to returning it once i received it. well it came today and i figured
Very cute and comfortable dress. run true to size. i usually wear a 4 and the s fits nicely. stretchy and soft!
This is a beautiful cardigan. its effortless, lightweight, with some cool detail to keep that low key look extra stylish. the moss color is very subtle with a small lined print. i wanted to love this...the detail, the length, the weight and the color are all so dreamy...but for me, the arms were super tight. normally i'm a l or xl in all retailer tops and sweaters...and i do have larger arms which is always a struggle for me when shopping. i couldn't even get the cardigan on my arms. there is no s
Love this cardigan! i've been searching for a comfortable lounge type of sweater and this is perfect. the sleeves are a bit tighter than the body. but i would wear it over a tank top so it is comfortable. i am 125 lb and 5'5' and i ordered my usual m.
Let me just say that this material is awesome!!! when i first took it out of the packaging i was afraid that the top was too thick of a material but after wearing it around the house it seems light enough. (i live in a warm area). i will say that i find the top to be a bit larger. i ordered a medium in fear that the small would be too small on the bottom. i could have taken the small in the top---even though it is meant to be baggy    the bottoms on the medium fit me great- they shorts don't b
I was excited to order this dress based on the reviews. it was better than i expected. the fit is perfect and one of the most comfortable dresses i own. the fit is flattering and i will get plenty of use out of this one!
When i first saw this online, i knew i had to have it. so, when dresses were 25% off, i grabbed the deal! it's perfect. it's super soft and an appropriate length. i love the bell sleeves-they're ultra feminine and slightly trendy, but not too much! i definitely recommend this dress! reference: 5'7, 140ish lbs--size 27 in jeans, xs/s/4 in tops and dresses and the small fit me better than the xs.
I know i will be wearing this a lot! i wore it on tuesday for work with some dressier pants and opened, i wore it on sat and sun for long walks :) great piece
This is a lovely dress and exceeded all of my expectations. very unique and well-made. swing dresses can be a hit or miss, sometimes, but this one is perfect. couldn't be happier!
I love the cardigan. it's super comfy and long enough to cover my behind. the pink and white stripe lining adds a softer touch. it's a little tight in the arms. i'm right between a small and medium, i wish i would have ordered the medium.
Just got this yesterday and i'm wearing it today! super comfy for running errands with the kids and going to and from the gym...or just to lounge around the house. i go between a m and l and went with a m since its flowy and it fits great.
Everyone should have this blouse, amazing! simply love it! it does run large, so purchase down 1-2 sizes.
This shirt fits really well- i ordered a size small and it's definitely a bit form fitting. i was a little bit hesitant to purchase this at first- for a tshirt it's a pretty hefty price. but the quality and cut are really quite attractive and worth every penny.
Confortable and looks great how ever you wear it.
Great for work, great for play. i love this shirt. perfect length for tuck in or not.
This top may be labeled as a part of a sleep set but i threw a cami under it, styled it with skinny jeans and a top knot and this became a very effortless/chic so cal look. love that pop of hot pink too! i went up a size for a little extra wiggle room across my shoulders. overall this is a great summer top!
I am beyond pleased with this dress. photos do not do it justice and no, it does not look like a gown. it is comfortable, forgiving, and will be a staple for years to come. i am 5' 11" and the large worked perfectly for me in length and size. this is my first maxi dress and i'm thrilled. do not miss this piece, it is special!
Sometimes you have those days where you feel overweight and unattractive. this shirt is perfect for that. it has a chic cut, and it doesn't look like you are having an off day at all. so cute. and i really like the length as well. i usually wait until items go on sale, but this i had to buy right away.
I saw this dress in the window in the santa barbara store and fell in love with it! it is described as a robe in one post i saw but i think it looks so much more like a great fall/winter maxi. in the window display it was paired with a cognac leather belt which made it look even better.
The pictures of this dress do not do it justice. i bought it, cut the sleeves off to be even with the waist line and belted (with a slim belt ) and it is perfect! it actually becomes a very sexy dress, it is a true wrap with a deep v and the vent in the back, i mean this dress paid dividends at the end of the night (to be very honest)!  wearing this to south beach, it will be perfect with strappy, high heels.
I ordered christmas presents online this year. they arrived very quickly and were well received! they are ferry pretty!!! i will order online again!!!
This unit is gorgeous as a dress or as a top with a cami, skinny jeans and boots. i'm wearing it to my cousins wedding and obsessed. i bought a long delicate necklace at retailer with a gold pendant and it falls perfectly with the neckline. my only slightly negative comment is about the quality. the material is beautiful but i noticed the elastic coming through the ends of the waistband where it snaps shut. still keeping it though!
I bought this in store on sale and absolutely love it.
As of late, it's been difficult for me to find clothing at retailer that fit's true-to-size. i'm 5'2" and 107 lbs. and i've had to return several pieces because they were too big on me. this versatile piece fits true-to-size. i purchased an xsp. like the previous reviewer, i've tried this with a couple of different long-sleeve shirt and tights combinations. i think this will work in the spring and fall, too as the material is in between heavy and light/airy. great for work.
Such a beautiful top, i understand why other reviews suggested wearing it out. personal i love pretty sleepwear, so i will be wearing this and matching shorts to bed. i ordered a small in both and they seem to run true to size. i am 130lbs and 5'5". my regular size is small or a size 4. i love the embroidery and the pink!
Well made embroidery, held up well in the wash. love the unique green color pattern! comfortable.  got a size 4(115#, 5'2", 34b).
I absolutely love this shirt! i saw it in the retailer store and immediately knew i had to have it. all they had in stock was a size 2 and a size 8. i'm usually a 4-6 in button-up shirts, but i tried the 2 anyway and found it to be quite generously sized. i have a 32dd bust, so button-up shirts rarely fit me properly. this one was big enough to be comfortable worn out or tucked in, and was loose-fitting without being sloppy. when i discovered that it came in petite sizes, i asked the so to order t
This ribbed henley is incredibly soft. you'll love the way it feels, but it does run a little small so i'd recommend getting one size up if you don't want it to be too form fitting.
The pictures online do not do this justice. i did not even recognize it as the same dress at first. i went a size down and that way it flatters my curves beautifully instead of looking like a robe. it can actually be worn 3 ways- i like closing the closest snap(there's two) in the middle with a skinny belt over it, and a slip dress underneath. this way, the dress has a deep v neck and opens out in front when walking. think 1940's glam. it can also be fully closed like in the picture, or left ope
Like the color and the dotted fabric. the length is good. the fabric on the back is a nice touch. fits well and hangs well.
I bought this blouse at the store today and i love it! they stylist brought it for me to try on with the green chinos and it was perfect. it will go with jeans or dark pants as well. very unique and flattering! i got a size 2. i'm 5'7'" and 130 pounds.
Dress is very flattering on, not tent-like at all!
This is my new favorite shirt. i'm actually wearing it today! i had to order another in white too. grab it while you can!
This is a basic henley, and it is made well; a wardrobe staple, for sure. the cut is flattering, and the material is soft. i ordered the small, which is tight fitting. i'm a 34 c for reference.
This blouse is easily one of the nicest i have bought in recent times. the quality is excellent, the design demonstrates that design and nature are extremely compatible. i have worn this blouse with jeans and in a more formal situation and with a little more jewelry, the blouse fits in perfectly anywhere. i highly recommend it.
This white shirt is a perfect canvas. i can dress it up with a scarf for work or wear it with my favorite jeans. it's perfect for all body shapes with the a-line. i love how comfortable this shirt feels. i like wearing this shirt with my black knit pants, and my retailers braided collar vest.
I ordered this in gray and in white. these are not your mothers' slips. they are comfy and soft. i have worn the white under a shorter dress on a day when i wanted more coverage but didn't want to go for full on tights or leggings. i liked the effect of the slip being longer than the dress. the gray may even be opaque enough to stand (almost) on it's own. very happy with these.
I'd seen this in the store pre-sale and was delighted to see it on sale. i'm 5'4", 125 lbs and prefer a looser fit, so went with the medium, as i expect that it may shrink a bit. but i appreciated the creative take on a classic look, good quality of the fabric, and this will go with everything in the summer. or even beforehand -- with a cardigan.
This lounge robe is the most fantastic, dramatic and comfortable wrap dress!  to the reviewers who posted pictures--you styled this to perfection.   a slip dress underneath is a must have since the opening basically unsecured.  i purchased the medium petite and i am 5'3" 36dd and 140#.
Stunning cardigan--i love it :) they only had a size l on sale so i purchased--i'm so glad i did. could have gone with a m though; maybe even a s, but that would be cutting it, especially since i'm 5ft 11in, 133lbs. compliments keep coming and such a great piece to have in my closet.
I could live in this top: it's versatile enough to be dressed up or down or worn as a bottom layer; the color offerings are basic enough to match anything; and it's comfortable enough to wear around the clock. note that it runs small. i had to size up to a medium, even though 80% of everything else i wear is size small.
I thought these pants had a great fit and the color is fabulous, i would have preferred a 30 inch inseam, but 31 is by far better than 34, that many designer jeans at department stores run.
This is a lovely and unique blouse. it can be worn with jeans, shorts or a skirt. such a beautiful addition to anyone's wardrobe!
Got this to wear on a beach vacation later in august. i was hesitant to purchase what is essentially a light weight cover up at this price, but is is really cute. the only problem i have with it is the slits on the sides are a bit high up. it is a good color and feels very nice. i will wear this on tropical vacations and running about since it is so hot! i bought the medium and it is a perfect fit and comes to my knee in the front. for reference i am 5'8' and 160#.
Good quality; casual feel good dress. it can be worn as dress, or as tunic over the pants.
This was long on me (i'm 5'1") but it could easily be cinched up using the drawstring waist. very soft material, this will be a super comfy dress in hot weather. didn't seem too see-through.
The fit is true to size. the quality is nice. i am happy to having this basic wardrobe staple added to my closet!
This dress fits wonderfully. i can wear it causally or dress it up if i want to. great deal as well.
I love these jeans. the fabric is super, super soft with good stretch and give, however they don't loose their shape either. they are mid-rise but a touch higher in the back so you never give anyone an unwanted show when you bend over. my only complaint - and this is just personal preference - is that the back pockets are kind of small. but the comfort outweighs any slight beef i have. for reference, i am 5'4" and wear size 25. comfy, go-to's.
This is a beautiful piece--and a really great deal on sale. it is sheer, but with a simple slip underneath it will work well for a comfortable but special-looking summer outfit!
I liked this online but loved it when i received it in the mail. i normally wear a m/l and the medium fit perfect. it is gorgeous and flattering with a tie at the waist. the bottom is flowy. i knew it would be sheer from the reviews so that wasn't a surprise but i really wish it came lined. no one wants to wear a slip to the beach and i feel it's too nice for a cover up.
I am happy with my decision to buy this dress! it's casual, comfortable and my favorite color, too. this product is true to size, color and the material feels great.
I bought this dress in both colors. it has an easy fit, is very comfortable and works well for a day dress, running errands, play time, and general casual. i am small framed and somewhat slender. i ordered the xs. the fit is easy loose, the fabric just right for the type of dress, like a favorite summer sweatshirt! i wish it came in other colors
I love how comfortable this fits and the fantastic pops of color. goes with just about every slip and tank dress i own! a perfect lightweight dress or layering vest with my hot weather wardrobe. can't wait to take this with me on vacation!
When i saw this tunic dress, i knew immediately that i would wear it and it would become a favorite of mine. the cut is unique and it is versatile enough to mix and match with many different things. it is also very comfortable, true to size and very good quality material. i highly recommend.
This tank is so light and made with great fabric. i bought this to wear over pants - black jeans, classic denim, this fall, maybe with a jacket over.  i purchased a size medium, and it is loose and comfortable.
These are perfect for pulling off a finished look, proper enough for teaching in yet fun enough for going out afterwards or just running errands. the polyester material is substantial, lined and easy care. the pockets lay flat but may not be very useful since the skort is pretty fitted. i plan on wearing these a lot this year!!
This is the most comfortable beautiful dress/cover up. i can't believe the sale price. when i ordered, my reg m was not available so i ordered a small. it fits except the top button (36c). i just called and got a m since there was one available today online. hoping it ships! so impressed with this! i'll wear in summer and spring with a white slip underneath.
This is a beautiful dress. it's a great weight, unique pattern, and has gorgeous colors. it's fairly forgiving because of the heavy fabric but may run small on bottom. i am a 10 or 12 in pants, 10 dress right now and i bought the 12. i am 5'8" and 175 lbs, and 36c - also in the last stretch of a weight loss journey so if that helps anyone choose sizing... also i have to buy long or tall pants and this dress was not too short and did not show my smooth wear underneath. i love it and bought it at
I tried this on in the store and immediately loved it!  it is "diaphanous," but that is the intended look.  the dress is meant to be a cool, breezy, cover-up.  the design would have been slightly improved with slight tapering at the waist and sleeves, but not everyone can carry a fuller dress to begin with.  anyway, i purchased so many things that day that i had to narrow my picks down a bit.  i left this dress behind, but kept thinking about how very pretty it was.  when retailer offered an addit
Comfortable and loose fitting- perfect for summer weekends when you just want an easy dress to throw on. can go from home to running errands to going out for lunch. good color, too!
This top looked so cute on! i loved the color and the way it looked on my body. as cute as this looked tied, it could also be worn open as well with a tank top. loved it!
Loved this sweater wrap and bought it in both colors. very light weight and i will get lots of use out of this. i wish retailer would have more pieces like this. a+
This does run a little large, but it's light and flattering for me. the material is a very light/thin chambray, but it's also lined.
Bought this on a whim, cocoon sweaters usually do not work for me. this cardigan is very cute, more of a dark gray. if it they carry again, grab it!
I think this fits to true to size. i am 5"2 and 107 lbs. i always wear a xs. it was a tiny bit tight in the bust if i wore a big padded bra (34b). if i wore a normal very little padding bra, it did not pull much across the bust.
I really like this top! excellent over a casual dress!! perfect for spring, summer and fall!
Love this little number. very flattering, warm, and soft. color goes with everything, i tried it on with a slip dress, and it added class and warmth... big button details are fun well-made and beautiful cut. i ordered xxs petite, and it fit like a glove, with room for something underneath if needed. i also ordered te xs petite, as my stylist was afraid xxs would be small, but will keep xxs p after actually trying it on. 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist.
This is a beautiful dress. the embroidery is really lovely in person. i find that this brand runs a bit small usually. i am usually an 8 but had to go up to a 10 to fit my hips. i am a little bit pear shaped so that might be why.
This is an exceptionally soft and high quality coverup. i always look for a coverup that could double as a dress so that i can walk into a restaurant without feeling underdressed. i bought the white -- i always buy white it seems, but loved it so much, i came back for the blue. get this and live effortlessly this summer.
The softest cotton gauze but, not see through. relaxed but, the sleeves & neckline make it flattering. a gorgeous blue in person. so in love with this dress, going back for it in white!
This is one of my favorite pieces. simple, classy, and cozy!
Comfortable and flows well, does run large, order one size smaller.
This is truly a lovely dress. the colors are beautiful and i love the contrasting but complimentary fabrics which add interest to an already elegant dress. the material is substantial without being stiff so that it flows gracefully and it flatters the figure. in my opinion if fits true to size, i'm 32b, 5' and 103lbs and i got it in a 2p which is the size i normally get in dresses. it is slightly more loose than other retailer dresses in the same size but it still follows your curves without being
Love this versatile cardigan, have both blue & orange colors & they're beautiful. it's light weight yet cozy. true to size but the sleeves are a little snug so if you like roomier sleeves size up.
I love ag stevie cords! i'm 5'4 and pear-shaped and the 26p fit great, the length and mid-rise are perfect! very comfortable and can be dressed up for casual work environment or down for weekend. the material is a bit thinner and not as soft as versions from previous years but still very nice and perhaps more versatile. wish petite had more color options.
I love it. perfect, body hugging, just right length and great fabric colors. this shift fits just above knee and follows every curve. it is, however, unforgiving-there is no room in this to cover bumps or bulges; it is sleek and so figure-flattering. i am 140 lbs, 5'5 tall and 34d and it fits perfectly. one more pound and it wouldn't have zipped! i got a size 6 (my usual)!but too tight had to size up to 8. if you are on the fence, go up a size. i can't, however, imagine wearing this sleeveless a
Easy to take this dress from casual to dressy! super comfortable and cute!
This cardigan is light weight and can be used for all seasons. additionally, you can wear it tied in the front or down for a cascade look. can be worn for the office or with jeans. love this little good for everything closet staple!
Love this dress! it is tighter in the chest area than maybe expected, but not unwearable, though i am smaller chested. it will be great for hot summer days as it has a light lining.
I typically wear xs or s, or zeros but i got this in a m.  it doesn't look big, it looks like a regular fit to me i think a small or xs would have looked and felt small.  it's soft beautiful and warm.  the hood is so cute.  the detail is just so good.  i love it over top of 2 long sleeve blouses i got there and one of the cloth and stone button downs.
So.. i saw this dress like a month ago and i fell in love. utter i-have-to-have-it love. before dropping $200 superfast, i gave myself some time to think it over. well, of course i decided to order it, and of course my size was sold out. most of the sizes were sold out, actually. they did have a petite left, so after i dried my eyes, i decided to wing it. the petite actually fit. the mid section is a little snugger than i am normally comfortable with (although the top is so structured that it ac
Very cute, and well made. fits true to size.
I was on the fence about this cardigan. once i got it in the mail, it's cute! it will go great with a long tank or longer t-shirt. worth the sale price! i ordered a small and is true to size.
Really like this top. fun flair, nice quality shirt. great for dressing up with skirt and also would be perfect with boots for the rodeo. i paired it with a skirt and boots for church. wore white cami under to emphasize lace details. super cute. tried 8 and 8p. thought petite was too short in length on me (5'4"). will send petite back.
I love this top, it is a very soft material and it looks very classy.. i have worn it with a skirt for work and skinny jeans. i have a bigger bust and i wear a small, it is true to size. very classy!!
This dress is beautiful and so striking in it's unique design. i ordered a 4, as that is what i usually wear. about halfway up my body i knew it was not even going to zip! i did not even try. i love the fabric and colors so much though that i am going to try a 6. here's hoping it works!
This dress is gorgeous, well made, lined, and tts. i get compliments each time i wear it and find it unique yet classy and appropriate for work. unlike some of the maeve tops i have purchased this year, it does not run big, and if you are banking on a little stretch, i would order the next size up. you won't be disappointed!
This dress is fabulous with attention to most details. 5'4" 103 lbs the 00 fits perfectly. overall fit is excellent, sleek, but not form fitting so very appropriate for work. length is also great, another plus.for work, many times the dresses are just a tad short, but this is great. arm holes are also great, not overly long as they often are. very nicely lined, substantial fabric. the only lack of attention to detail is they did not include the bra strap holders. why can't more dresses be made t
This dress is gourgeous, will be able to wear year round. just add a cardigan or blazer. the only fault i find in it is the waist band is a bit wide. however i have a hour glass shape, so my waist is very small
I love the black and pale pink of this dress, the contrasting fabrics and the embroidery. my favorite kind of dress, creative and a little edgy, but elegant and can be dressed for the office too. ordered a size up from my usual size because i tried the previous dress in this style and it was a bit snug. the size up was a good decision, fits in the shoulders and waist better. the fabrics are nice and the finishing on the dress is well done. the mesh in the bodice is a little delicate and i will h
I love this top. it is very comfortable and great to throw on with a tank and jeans for the weekend. i am curvy, and the drape of the top works well on my frame. i could see using it as a gym coverup as shown, but i like the top too much to get sweat on it :)
Great fit and style. i got the navy and the color is beautiful.
I was looking for something to wear over a spirit football shirt and this was the perfect piece. it's light weight and the material is super soft. you can wear it tied or untied.
I bought these cords in another color last year and they are my favorite pants. they are so comfy and keep their shape very well. when i saw they were back i had to buy another pair. i purchased navy and the color is beautiful.
This dress is everything everyone said it was in the reviews. so cute and beautifully made. fully lined. i felt it ran a bit small as i had to return it for the next size up, more so in the bust area. but the fit and length was perfect in the size 6. 5"10, 125lbs. i will say that all the raving reviews made me purchase the dress without hesitation and i'm sure glad i did!
This dress is everything i love about retailer. a never-could-have-guessed-it, feminine, textured twist on a classic. it's beautiful, it's comfortable. the cut is true to size (for me) and figure flattering.
The patters/colors on this dress are much more stunning in person. it is lined and feels very well made. the pockets don't add bulk to the hip area as many times they do, which is great. the fit can be tricky if you have any semblance of curves. if you can, try this one on in a store before buying. for reference: i am 5'7", have broad shoulders, am pear shaped (i have hips and a good sized rear end), 34b bust, weigh 145 lbs., and generally wear a size 6 or 8 for tops and bottoms. the size 8 fit
I really liked this little cardigan. so simple, light weight, and comfy. i have grabbed it and put it on 3 times the first week i got it.
The material is so soft and the design makes it a little more fancy so you can dress this tank up or down. its definitely an instant favorite. and the color blue is a beautiful rich blue
Awesome light shrug. goes with so many out fits, over tees and dresses. tts. get one! orange color is a pretty neutral.
Love the pilcro brand! size down!! super soft, well fitting, great length. great darker color for fall. awesome rise. not too high, not too low. will be grabbing these a ton this fall.
This is ruching done right! i tried this dress on and the two other women who saw me in it went to try it on as well.  it is fitted, but comfortable and because it is well cut the ruching hides a multitude of sins to leave you looking sleek and curvy in all the right places. it is also a versatile layering piece and would look great with almost anything. so unless this particular color is your nemesis, this dress is a winner!
How could this not be flattering to every figure? bunching of fabric is awesome at hiding imperfections (i know, i have become a master at hiding some of my residual baby weight for years now). this, paired with a darker color (and not black, yay!) makes for a perfect combination in a dress. i love that this is a deep purple, it is a dark color which is slimming, but in addition it has more appeal being colored. and it is so versatile! wear it along or with a cardigan/jacket on top. heels or boo
This looks just like the picture. it's soft and very comfortable - looks great with skinny jeans and boots. love it!
This is a tts cami that should be a staple in everyone's closet. great for layering.
Pilcro from retailer is a great alternative to the premium denim lines with a way better price point! similar cut & quality with awesome rises and spandex/stretch content! also, the styles are always on trend!
These jeans are so comfortable and do not stretch out enough to size down, in my opinion. right when i put them on i could tell they fit perfectly. i have been buying pilcros for several years and have not been happy with the stet ankle jeans from the last 2 yrs because although they were very flattering when you first put them on, they stretched out so much it was annoying.  these script jeans are amazing, flattering and are a nice lightweight denim. i wore them a few times before washing and
Couldn't resist this jacket! it's perfect for business casual dress code, for staying warm in air-conditioned offices and goes with many colors and styles.  many times jackets are too tight on my shoulders or not long enough for my arms and this fits perfectly. (i'm 5' 7" and i bought a medium)
I am 5'9" 155#. i bought the charcoal gray in a large and i love it. fabric is super soft. hangs beautifully. no weird spreading across the chest like the previous reviewer. i have long arms and the sleeves are long and hit me mid palm just like the model in the photo. i have worn the sleeves rolled up and down and it works. recommend this for a casual comfy top with interesting design.
Love, love, love this shirt! much like last year's bordeaux shirt in this style, it's very soft, very flattering, and very comfortable. fits tts, and the fabric is a very soft, stretchy cotton, yet not too clingy around the mid section (it has a nice, flowy fit#. it washes great, doesn't pill #again, the fabric is fantastic), and holds up really well. i bought the black with white stripes this year, but i'm tempted to get every color. it's great for layering too since the fabric is nice and thin
I have not written a review for an retailer item in a while. i have been shopping at retailer for over ten years. in the past two years the clothing i have purchased has been disappointing in style and quality. but not this little pilcro jacket. great quality, perfectly proportioned, great understated details. many thanks retailer for restoring my faith.
Pretty much awesome... i tried it on in regualr size jsut to see, and i could almost get away with it... too bad i dind't try it on before hte 25% of f dresses... (also, i don't have an occasion to wear this).  length is midi, but since it is gathered, i could pull it up a little so it falls in the right spot on me.  color is very nice, overall sexy dress.  material is soft and comfortable, nothing wrong except i missed out on the sale! :-)
There is a reason everyone is giving this dress 5 stars. it is stunning, flattering, versatile and comfortable. i'm a slim, athletic size 4-6. my store only had one of these and it was a medium. i'm generally a small but on the hanger it looks like a slim tube so i thought i'd try it. fits fabulous. due to the stretch and shape of the dress i'd say a size medium could fit a 4-10. so, don't worry about sizing up or down one in this dress. suuuuuper stretchy so even though it fits close down throu
This is a nice, soft shirt that is very comfortable to wear. the collar on this shirt makes this more than just a regular shirt. although the shirt seems more fitted on the model, i found it to run large. if you are going for the same look, you might want to size down. however, i like the shirt and am keeping it. it is a good thing too, because the navy color went fast. very nice shirt and a pretty good price too.
I have several of these shirts and love them. i can dress them up or down, and they look great. comfortable and soft, and lose enough to be flattering but not bulky. great buy!
I've been searching for a pretty & soft faux fur coat - finally found it hanging there in retailer! there was only one - a size small. it looked gorgeous, but thought i could use it a bit roomier. i'm a size 2/4, 5'5" & about 118 lbs. i ordered a medium but it was huge. stayed with the small and am loving wearing this in our mild northeast winter. lots of compliments. lightweight and luxe. get it.
Very happy with this online dress purchase! it fits tts and i love the ruching. i've already gotten compliments on it!
I love all jeans by mother, they are well made, fit great and look so cute with any type of shoes from heels, to flat to boots. these jeans are perfect to wear out or when paired with a blazer can be worn to work. i love these and have them in almost every color.
Saw this online- my size out (xs/s p). online did have xs. checked store saw how great the dress looked at store, able to try on only one avail at store (m). ordered xs online. fits well with ada belt and cardigan. until straps altered will keep cardigan on.very comfortable and cute- lots of compliments worn to work
I own several of these tops and i love them. i am 5'10, 140 lbs and i wear a small. i bought the gray and white stripe and the ivory and black stripe and they are very flattering. the front hits me at the same place as it does on the model and the back covers my butt. i own several of the solid colors in this style as well and they are just as great. this shirt is so soft and comfortable, you won't regret buying it!
I purchased this tank for the interesting open neck not realizing that the straps are elastic. i love it. the material is super soft and it fits nicely. snug but not too tight. the straps are wide enough to cover bra straps and the neckline being a little wider is really flattering. i got the black one but i am going to get more colors! great buy!
These jeans are my favorite skinny jeans. they are expensive but so worth it. i had nordstrom reinforce holes with patches so they still look distressed but won't rip further. i wear these at least once a week.
This tank is perfect. it fits close to the body, but does not squeeze. it is super soft, smooth, and comfy. it layers perfectly under blouses. this is by far my favorite basic tank!
The color of this dress is sublime. so is the fit. ruching in all the right places. made me feel glamorous. it's a dress that you can easily wear to a holiday party and then still rock it a couple of days later with a sweater coat, vest, or cropped jacket. the material feels so nice against the skin too. it's a must have.
I was a little hesitant when i ordered this dress, but needed something for my husband's company dinner. this dress is perfection! i'm 5'9", about 160 (i got it in medium), definitely on the curvier side and this dress hugged all my curves in the right places! love the ruching, hides all the imperfections. the color is gorgeous, paired it with a black cardigan and black heeled shooties, got so many compliments! on a plus side, my husband couldn't keep his hands off me all night, kept going on an
Great fit, can be dressy or casual, goes with everything, i adore tis jacket!
My sales assistant/style consultant watched the dresses i had collected to try on, and how they fit, and she brought this dress in, with a silk cocoon wrap for me to try on. i took one look on the hanger and made an assumption it would be too snug, highlight every bump, and i could not have been more wrong! this dress is wonderful on! it is the most flattering thing i have now in my closet. you must try this on to see how flattering it is. i am still stunned with how it looked and made me feel.
Wow. bailey 44 knocks it out of the park with this sensual, i-am-woman-hear-me-purr body-slimming dress. we all have our hang ups. this dress forces you to see all the beauty that everyone else sees. the rouching covers up any dimpling or rolls you think you have. the body conscious structure lets you see those curves you knew existed but deny yourself from loving. oh - you hate your arms? me too! guess what - you don't even notice them because you're so focused on how amazing you look. the cut
I am one month post partum and have had so much trouble finding jeans that fit.  my old jeans fit in the legs and thighs but not my new tummy. i love my old pilcro jeans but didn't want to spend the money on jeans in a size so much larger than my norm. well after ordering other brands much cheaper i broke down...spent the money and sized up. i am normally a 27 and ordered a 30 due to waist size. they came today and fit like a glove. i am so happy! it's worth every penny to wear jeans that fi
This is a cute pair of jeans. it has a slight flare and just right amount of fringe. they are super soft and and the color is slightly lighter than in photos. tts, not too low hitting right below belly button and a just the right crop length for my 5'4" height falling ri right above my ankle.
I wasn't planning on loving this dress when i tried it on. i loved the the color which is what prompted me to buy it. this dress fit perfectly. it hugs my body without feeling tight. the ruching is perfect. i didn't want to take it off! it's also very comfortable. i'm 5'1" , 107lbs and the xs petite fit perfectly. the dress hits me at the same length that is pictured. i think it would be easy to hem if you wanted it to be shorter. i have a short torso and saw no issues with that as some reviewer
Like the style of a blazer but the fabric of denim. looking forward to pairing with dresses and black pants
I was attracted to this sweater because of it's unique style. i really love it. it looks just like the picture. it is of good quality, as is the leather belt. it is the perfect fall sweater and i love that it's different. i highly recommend this sweater.
What a great jacket. love the subtle windowpane design and the color blue is a nice denim hue. i chose my standard size i wear in retailer jackets on this in house brand. i wish though it was made in the usa as i have several other jackets by cartonnier that are made in the usa. thus jacket looks so polished with jeans to a denim skirt to a bottom that is similar in fabric and texture. very happy with my purchase.
This sweater is beautiful but runs large all over. i ordered a m and returning for a small. hopefully that works.
I'm so glad that i took a chance on these; they're fabulous! i wasn't sure about sizing since my local store didn't carry them, but as a wider-hipped 14 i went with the xl. it was the perfect fit and i couldn't be more pleased. the skirt is the perfect touch since it gives my flat booty the illusion of shape and provides a little coverage (not that you'd need it- there's no show-through whatsoever.) love!
This dress is gorgeous in person and so comfortable. i wore this to a business meeting and got several compliments on it. i am 5 feet tall and it does run a little long on me, a petite small hits me slightly below the knee. however, the dress is so nice that i am keeping it.
This is a great basic shirt. it has room in the midsection so you can tuck in or not. it is also extremely soft. i am 5'9, a 10 and the m fit just right.
Yes! i am 5' 120 lbs and busty. this hugs in the right places. there is no extra fabric so it doesn't appear overwhelming on me as even some petite blazers do. i had purchased the same brand blazer but in the mustard color and it did not fit well. this fits beautifully. the denim color is just like the picture. the sleeves are a tad long. so i just rolled them up - no bulk. i ordered a size 6 petite.
This blazer is really well made, it has a nice weight and stretch to it. i think it might run a bit on the large size, i am sometimes a small and sometimes an xs and the xs is perfect. it's a great blazer to throw on to cinch together a casual yet put together look. i don't think the picture here does it justice. it will be getting a ton of wear in my work wardrobe. i love it!
This is the perfect grab and go t-shirt. i love the fun design as it takes a simple t-shirt and makes it fun. i originally ordered the small but it was way to big for me especially at the waist. the bottom half of this top is much looser and if you want to have a more fitted look, size down. very cute.
Love this skirt. it was on my wish list from the first time i saw it in the catalog. so glad i was able to get it when it hit sales. i love it. thr color is more subdued than pictured but very nice anyway. the cut is awesome and flatering pretty true to size for me (petite) winner
After reading previous reviews i definitely had to give this a try since i have broader shoulders than the average woman. my regular size (small) was not available anymore so i went with medium and i have to say it worked out well. the small would have not given me the slouchy factor that the medium gives me. this top definitely has no problem staying "off the shoulder" since i have broad shoulders it doesn't completely come off me. loving the boho-chic vibe of this!
Pros: this skirt is a stunner. beautiful, rich color and great quality. the cut is conservative enough to be work appropriate, but the little peek of above-the-knee leg where the slit is makes it interesting and flattering as well.  cons: slightly smelly when it comes out of the bag- i'm optimistic this will mostly go away though. expensive.  fit: i'm 5'8", 125 lbs, 34b, normally wear a 26 or 27 in pants, and the size 2 fit great. i often wear a size 4 in skirts despite a size 2 fitting fine in
I'd been eyeing this for a long time but couldn't afford the full price. when it came on sale, my size -- regular 8 -- was sold out. so i took a chance and went with the petite 8 (only difference is length). and am i glad i did!  it fits beautifully, even a little roomy. but the length is perfect. the longer pieces are at/barely below the knee, and the shorter flap is about two inches above. (for reference, i'm 5'7", 135 pounds, measurements 38-30-38.)  the skirt is substantial, with high-qualit
Love this substantial pieced suede skirt by leifsdottir. the photos i posted show the color in daylight on a cloudy day. a bit more muted darker turquoise than the online pictures. imagine a mini pencil skirt made of non-stretch polyester with a suede front panel. over this is the longer, open skirt, which is attached at the sides to keep it from flying up when you walk. . sizing: based on the reviews i risked ordering this in a 00p. i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37ish with narrow hips, fuller behin
Coat is very soft and comfortable. runs large; usually wear an xsp, could have gone with an xxsp, if it came in that size. the lining is very soft. can wear a sweater or something heavier underneath, if needed. some small, little pulls on outside fabric, but, might be part of the fabric. outside fabric is very soft. would not have paid full price; glad it was on sale, as i had been eyeing it for some time. it is cute, and felt like twirling, when put it on!
I was hesitant to buy this dress with all the reviews regarding poor fit, particularly in the bust area, but it's so unique that i decided to give it a try anyway by ordering a petite size. i was pleasantly surprised to find that it fits beautifully in my usual size. i did not find the bust to be small at all, and the overall fit was very slimming and flattering. for reference, i am 5'2" 110lbs 32dd, and the size 2p looks great and is very comfortable.  the 0p might have worked too. the material
I absolutely love this top. i am short (5'2") but curvy on the bottom with a 36dd bust. i ordered the xl, only because of my upper body. it fits great, as i don't like anything to hug my body. but it doesn't look like a tent. has a little a-line shape to it. another reason i go for the larger size is i like to dry all my clothes. ordered the grey and will order in the black, also.
I love a dolman. the tassled dolman is slimming, light and comfortable.
Love this top. work appropriate and dress down worthy. i also like the fact that it is not clingy around the waist. comfortable fabric.
This dress is a beautiful vibrant color and a classic fit and flare fit. it does seem to run a bit large, i am 5'0" and 120 lbs. and wore a 2 petite. it fit nicely and was flattering but still a little roomy.   i added a beaded belt to dress it up for my maid of honor duties and despite all the running around, dancing, hugging, buckling the brides shoes and holding my children the lace did not fray and the shape held up beautifully.
I tried this on at the store and i agree with the other reviewwers on the sizing. instead of purchasing my usual size 6, i bought the size 8 as it was indeed a bit tight in the chest for my 34d chest but it was no biggie as they had my size. i love all the embroidery and lace, the length, color and detail on this one. it's also soft and made from cotton so it will be just perfect for summertime and will look adorable with tights and boots and a cardi or jean jacket in the fall:)
I swooned over this dress when it first came online. i had never worn a petite size before so i wasn't sure about the fit. i am curvy (34dd-27-42) and normally wear a size 8 dress, but the 6p fit me like it was made for my body. i think this is because the dress runs large, but i really really enjoyed the fit. the quality of the lace is evident immediately and the color is more of a cornflower blue, which i adore. the lace feels like a soft cotton, but has a lot of strength to it. cannot recomme
Despite the mixed reviews, i went ahead and bought this in my normal size. i am small-chested (34b) and found this to fit perfectly, so i understand why those with large chests were finding this impossible to fit at the top. the fabric and detail are stunning on this. there is not a lot of give to the fabric, but if you are smaller in the bust. buy it!
I wanted a turtleneck for layering with cardigans and vests. i ordered the burgundy color in an xs (my usual, 2) and the color is lovely and deep. i absolutely love it. the ribbed design is comfortable. the neck drapes as shown, so it is not constricting at all.
I tried this on in store in a small and then ordered the medium online i loved it so much! i generally run a small/medium with retailer so i thought this was pretty true to size. i'm also longer through the torso so the medium is better for me to cover my stomach when tied.  it is on the thinner side but not see through. perfect for layering and for a mild california winter. can't wait for it to come!
This is so comfortable and flattering and hides everything but yet is fun! i actually love to wear it with jeans. and it goes great with a really great piece of jewelry.
My measurements: i'm a 36b so i got the medium. it fits perfectly. i originally purchased this in the gray to wear during the day in winter months, but i loved it so much that i came back and purchased the black for evenings with skinny jeans and heels. it's so soft and pretty, can be dressed up or down, and now i'm thinking about getting the wine color too! i *love* it. i washed it in cold/gentle and let it air dry and it held up fine. i wouldn't push it though. treat it delicately. it's a smar
I love this sweater!!! i checked runs large, but it's really just a roomy sweater. i bought the small, which is what i usually buy, but it is big enough to wear over long sleeve shirts, etc. it's soft and cozy and i think i wore it 3 days straight when i first got it - one of those pieces that you will wear over and over. wore it with jeans and a blouse, then with palazzos and a tee and then over my workout wear the next day before deciding it was time to give it a rest! love this sweater!!
Love this turtleneck! it's perfect for fall and to layer. i'm usually an xs in things from retailer and this is no different. i definitely recommend.
I bought this dress for my mom! she usually does not even try dresses on because she feels that they highlight her "problem areas", but she is going on a vacation soon and i thought she could should bring something different for her trip. thankfully, the embroidered waters shirtdress completely surprised her! the fabric is soft and light, the blue is vibrant and perfect for spring/summer, and the cutwork detailing is flirty without being too risky or revealing. she's really excited about this--a
Love this top. looks great on, not uncomfortable. it's the right length, the fabric is nice and it feels good on.
I have been eyeing this top for a couple weeks and finally found it in my store. it was a good sign when i saw our stores in-house stylist wearing it! i absolutely love the fit--it's soft and stretchy and fabric is nice quality. i'm typically a medium, sometimes large--i bought the medium and it's perfect. i could have gone down to a small as well. the large was way too big (for reference i'm 5'8", athletic, 150lbs). this top is going to take me everywhere this summer! worth a try!
I really was surprised at how much i liked this top. it is, as others pointed out, a poncho type overlay with a tank connected underneath. it is very comfortable and forgiving of any body boo boos. looks great with skinny white pants.
I wasn't sure how this top would look on me but i tried it on and i love it. plus it is very comfortable. i would highly recommend it!
Perfect cozy sweater, nice details. exactly what i wanted to upgrade from sweatshirts.
I am 5'8" and about 145 lbs - curvy through hips, small up top and i got a small and it fit great. i got it in the wine and it is a pretty color for fall into winter. the fabric is super soft and cozy!
Loved this jacket so much i bought both colors! this jacket is simple yet adds so much to an outfit. the lightweight material makes it perfect for the florida seasons. as for the snaps mine work perfectly i usually just keep them undone for my hands. the sizing i think runs a bit large. i usually am a medium but ordered smalls and they fit perfectly even with the perfect amount of breathing room. highly recommend
Loved this so much i bought it in black and in grey. it fits perfectly and it lays awesomely!! i ended up buying the black in medium and the grey in large for a bit of a different look for each. i usually wear a medium or large so i'd say it fits super true to size - just depends on how you want it to fit!
I love this vest-it is a work of art in its design and construction but extremely wearable, absolutely gorgeous on, and perfectly warm and functional. my favorite thing i've ever bought at retailer.
Very soft, clean feel. i got this in pink and received so many compliments. perfect to layer on top of your favorite tee or tank. i wish they had it in navy as well.
This top is great for layering or by itself over skinny jeans or leggings! i'm 5'5 and this is the perfect length! ??????
I am tall, so this dress hits slightly above the knee on me. the peek-a-boo detail on the skirt and shoulders is flirty, but still modest. this dress is super comfortable and is going to be a summer staple for me. i also love that this dress is button-down, it is an easy piece to wear for new moms!
I went to retailerplpogie today to try this piece on and it was adorable. i really liked the lace part that lightly shows off the legs. this does run true to size. i am 5'5 and 116 pounds and wear a 34b and i was able to button up everything and be comfortable in a size 0. there is no stretch at all with the materials that they have used, so that might be an issue for some. the material was actually a bit thicker than what i would have thought for dress like this, but i really liked it overall and
This dress is so cute! will you be bringing it back retailer?
This dress is very flattering. great unique dress.
This hoodie has a lovely, flattering drape and fits true-to-size (m for me), and is light but quite warm. the cottony nylon layers along the front panels and hood add style. it will be warm enough as an outer layer on a slightly brisk day or indoors in cooler weather. i was going to opt for the blue, but in the store, the light gray ~ which is a bit darker and more marled than online (at least on my monitor) ~ looked really lovely and seemed more versatile.
Great turtleneck, very comfortable and not tight around the neck at all. the material is super soft and washes well. i ended up getting all 3 colors. my only regret is that there are only 3 colors! i absolutely love this top. i also like the many complements i've received while wearing them. i am full figured and the fit is very flattering.
A feminine yet mature looking cami. i did not need to wear a bra because the material is thick and stretchy (i am a 34a). it looks great with a pencil skirt as well as chino shorts. feels soft and comfy. can dress it up or down. i took a small and it fit perfectly  (l am 5'4" 120lbs).
I love the dress, fits as pictured , i'm a size 4 and fits just right. it is a keeper, well made.
Very comfortable and looks really good on me. that's very important!
It's super soft. it fits great. happy with the purchase.
The pictures don't do this cardi justice. it's so lovely and ladylike. it's seems very well made. please can we have more from this designer??
Looking forward to wearing this on chilly spring mornings. ordered in the navy. fits true to size.
This is probably one of the best retailer purchases i have ever made! this is the most comfy and warm cardigan and is a good thickness for fall and winter. i am 5'9, a size 6/8 and the medium was perfect! buy this now!!
This goes well for cool weather. great with jeans or other casual pants. i got the green, it's more of a teal color but pretty. runs large. i usually run between small and medium, i got the small and it's a tad too loose on me.
This is the best item i have gotten form retailer. the quality is amazing. soft, covers my butt, classic piece!!!
I ordered the navy/gray version in size xl. it fits me true to size, matching the online photos. the colors matched too. the fabric is so soft. it's warm while being lighter in weight. very comfortable. the collar wasn't bulky either. it's made to last. one of my retailer favorites.
Great long cardigan! i wear this with a simple tank
These are just perfect, exactly as pictured if not nicer. very soft and comfy with a big sweater on for winter months.
These jeans! i am obsessed. the perfect boyfriend fit with an easy, relaxed feel. i feel instantly cooler when i slip into these. do yourself a favor and buy them!!
This is a lovely spring blouse with a touch of linen. the color and fit is exactly as on the model. there is a sweet touch of trim around the waist in a steel blue. i can pull the top over my head without unbuttoning it. it is tts in my opinion. although the buttons on the back add a nice flair, they are very fine bottons and tend to unbutton on their own. i just tightened the buttonholes with white thread and the problem was fixed so, that's why i gave it 4 stars for design.
This is a fabulous cardigan/jacket!! i saw it on line and read the great reviews and happened to find one of each color in two different stores!! i bought them both!! i have practically lived in them the last week in rainy, cool weather!! the white one goes with everything, and the blue one in fabulous with jeans and probably other things as well. i have gotten several compliments on them immediately. they are just the right weight--not too heavy but heavy enough and a good sturdy, quality mater
This is such a comfy top, and the fabric is really great. more supple / flowy than i expected. it does run larger than i expected. i typically wear a large, and it's almost more billowy than i would normally prefer. i would love to try a medium to see the difference, but since it was purchased online, i'm just going with it. this will get lots of wear this season.
I absolutely adore this cardigan. it's easy, so comfortable, stylish and absolutely flattering on every shape!! what i love about it most is how long it is. i'm 5'8 and the large and xl come well below my bum. it's perfect to wear with leggings and boots when i'm having a relaxing easy day, but i can easily dress it up with denim or a dress underneath! totally versatile! i originally bought this in a large and it fit well. but then we got the xl in the store and i snagged that one too because i
Beautiful and soft and so well made cropped cardigan by the in house retailer branding. the color is more muted in person but will work with many different skirts and pants including jeans. i have many ideas for this lovely cardigan ! the size medium for my 34 dd chest, 145 lbs and 5 '4 inches is perfect and the sleeves bellow out a bit which gives this cardigan a nice sharp look. i agree with the other reviewer--- more colors and more of type of quality  and character please for seasons ahead! lo
It's not often you can find a dress that is warm, cozy, timeless, and sexy at the same time, but this one is it. the material is thick but clings to the body in all the right places. i normally wear an xs or s, and in this i took an xs. sleeves are nice and long. your shoulders are exposed as much as you want them to be, depending on how low you fold over the collar piece. i chose to tack mine down in place, so i'm not always adjusting it.  i wore this dress with black heeled over-the-knee boots
This initially caught my eye online and then i immediately tried it on when our store received it. the dress is simple and well structured with a tight sweater weave that almost has a" hold u in" feel. therefore, it fits like a glove on!!
Love this dress. it's a nice addition to my summer wardrobe. easy to wear. i am between a large and an ex large in dresses. i did order it in a large, it was a perfect fit but did exchange it for an ex large. i wanted it to have little more swing to it.
Lovely body hugging dress. hits just below the knee. great with boots as shown, or with heels. very soft material and the peppery color is really pretty. i can see myself wearing this to work and out at night. this is a winner!
I went back and bought this dress after a sales associate told me that it was super cute on but didn't look like much on the hanger. i'm 5'3" and curvy and the s fit great. it will look great with boots or booties. it's very comfortable and nice quality material.
I like this top a lot, and have always liked knotted looks around the bust area. i do not have a large chest, and this kind of top always draws attention in all the right places. i was worried the cut would be too low for my comfort level-and it is low but the shirt does not come away from my body in normal movements so i do feel completely comfortable wearing this without a cami underneath. i don't prefer this in black because i think the color detracts from the bunches of fabric created by the
Soft, comfy, great fit. this is the perfect cozy item for fall and winter. looks really cute with the sleeves rolled or cuffed slightly. the fabric is patchworked with linen and a terry/jersey material. i'm usually a medium and the medium fit great. slimming lines and does a great job of being swingy/flared, without that tent look.
I purchased the black tunic. as others have mentioned, this piece goes great with skinny jeans or leggings. when i'm rushing to find something to wear, this is one of my go-to's. nice coverage. not see-through.
Good quality, cute and great color as pictured. perfect for leggings or tight ankle pants.
Drapes very nicely and runs true to size. easy to wear alone or layer a jacket/cardigan over. i purchased this on sale, and it was a good buy. i am 5'8" and purchased the size m, as i am a pretty true size 6.
I was afraid the twist at the front would be too bulky, but it adds a nice extra touch to an otherwise simple shirt. i got it in the blue and the color is beautiful. a basic piece with a little bit more; very happy
I am so glad i did not miss out on these jeans. i am new to pilcro and am finding they fit me so well!
Got this in the gold and it's so much better than i imagined. runs longer on my 5'4 frame than on model but i love this extra long look with white fitted pants and heels. total classic easy elegance and comfortable too.
I wasn't sure how the knotted front would look on me, but it lays perfectly. very comfortable, well-designed, flattering top in lovely rich colors. i'm normally a small-medium in retailer tops, but i got the large as it does run small and i don't like things too clingy. so best to try on in store rather than buy online. nice simple statement piece!
Love the petroleum blue unique twist design love the sleeve length perfect for work -- neckline not too low great by itself or with a bib necklace and black jacket absolute winner
As others stated, it was a tad bizarre to have a mock neck on the spring dress, however, i would wear this in the fall with boots and a nice moto jacket. another "but" is i wasn't sure about the color. i am very pale and the pale color is pretty much my skin color... however, the blue flowers and black lace make up for it as far as colors, and everyone liked it on me. lastly, cut: wow, this was just really nice on, very flattering,. i usually try on regular size in store and order petite, but th
I finally tried this on now that it went on sale, and it was surprisingly flattereing. love the blue color, and i assume the purple was equally nice. fit is true to size as in i tried on the regular xs and it was great, long but ok for me,
Great shirt that runs true to size. i got the turqouise color which is very pretty. it cuts lower, but doesn't show much cleavage.
This is such a fun dress. the linen and cotton mixture is very unique and comfortable. for reference, i am 5'3" and about 110 pounds. the regular xs hits me exactly the way it is shown in the photo. the color is a true oatmeal which is so nice for fall and even though i am fair with strawberry blonde hair, it doesn't wash me out. the sleeves are a little long but i rolled them once and it is perfect. i love this dress and it will look great with booties or boots for the fall.
I love the way this looks on me! definitely flattering on curvy/full-figured girls. i am a 36-38c and bought an xl - i don't like things that are too tight or that cling to the wrong areas. if they had xl in other sizes, i would buy it in every color. can be dressed up or down. i'm very happy with this purchase.
Beautiful top. works wonderful on hourglass figures.
Great top for day to night. fine for work (i'd think large breasted girls may find it too gaping for work as mentioned, but b cup and below doesn't gape so very work appropriate.)
Upon opening this top, i thought for sure it was going to be too s mall, but it stretches nicely and is gorgeous when on. it is a little thin, and you have to be careful that it's not too tight or you can see skin through the knots, but i love this shirt. i got the xs, which is my usual size. i could probably have used the s, but didn't want to pay for shipping to exchange it as i don't have a store anywhere near me and the xs was fine.
This is a simple, light-weight tunic top. the construction is fine. overall, i'm happy to see a basic executed well.
These jeans are exactly what i was looking for. love the rich olive color. these are definitely an olive green and not a brown color, which i was very happy about. fit is great, i am 5'7" 150 athletic hippy build and a size 29 fits great. they are the perfect ankle length jean. very soft, and just the right amount of stretch.
I'm always weary of v necks but this shirt is great. the fit is true to size and while it is a v neck, it's not such a deep plunge that you need a cami underneath. great material too and perfect for dressing up a bit. i bought the blue color and love it!
This is my third top from this designer, and normally i wear a small, but i tried this on in the store and the medium fit much better on me. i am not partial to the black as the knot design was lost, but the sapphire is wonderful. works great with slacks or more casual clothes. i liked the sleeve length as well. i'm not too busty, but i think that other reviews comments of the knot being see through could be a problem.
This dress is beautiful. it is even prettier in person than in pictures... i was pleasantly surprised when it came in the mail! i am 5'2, 125 lbs and went with a 4p, and it fit perfectly. (i typically do not like things to be extremely clingy). this could easily be dressed up or down. personally, i wore it to a wedding, and received many compliments on its uniqueness.
I love this dress. be warned that even at 5'4" it is right on the edge of the shortest length that i can get away with wearing. i probably will not wear it to church but for a special event, dinner, or the theater it will be an eye catching statement piece without being over the top. it has a quiet appeal. both layers of fabric are thin but that helps it to conform to my figure without hugging it. it softly drapes showing an hourglass while being extremely comfortable. i think some reviewers int
I love this t shirt and have not purchased it in all 3 colors. very soft and very flattering!!! i like the longer length as well as the pretty neckline.
Love the wash and fit of this jean. the perfect summer go to for me.
This top is spectacular. intense and color soaked. i got bleu. super stretchy and comfy. the twisty part hugs and emphasizes your curves...even size 34a like me. the v neck is not too wide and low cut. it is narrower, close fitting and attractive. the seam in the middle thorax is a tad strange but it needs to exist due to the twist design. overall this top is cute, long and let's say men and women of all ages will enjoy it. it will make you beautiful on the outside and inside. it is not my usual
Very cute, easy to wear, and looks professional! great for work or a weekend. love this top!
Very pretty dress and a bit different than what we see in the shops! i found the material to be very nice, despite one of the reviewers comments. it is a sheath that is not skin tight but shows curves - great for dancing. also i did not find the neck too tight - fits fine. tts as normally a petite 6 which is a wonderful fit and sometimes a petite 4 or 8 depending on the cut. the 8 was too large. all in all a feminine uncommon dress. looking forward to wearing it to one of the 6 weddings th
This dress is beautiful. this is a 0 and tts. it was not clingy or tight at all (5'4" 115lbs). it is fully lined, and i have short legs, so it was not too short for me. if you have an event you could wear this to this summer, i highly recommend.
I love this top. it is perfect fit. i am 5'3 102lbs, 32 dd. it conforms to your figure.
I bought this tank in gold, and the color is a beautiful ochre. i love the length and the side slits, which elevates the tunic from a simple basic. the material is good quality and very comfortable. i'm hoping to get a lot of wear out of this purchase.
I ordered this in an xs and it fits well. however, if you have a bigger bust this top may be a problem. i wear a b cup and it fits me well.
I love this dress.   i believe the picture on-line doesn't show the unique pattern and design.   it does have an interesting design.    add a long vest, statement necklace, and boots - you will be quite fashionable.
Love this top! i was worried it would plunge too deep, especially because i'm quite flat chested - but it is perfect. i think it would look gorgeous on a volumptuous woman too. that's the beauty of it. and the color is my absolute favorite right now ... :)
I bought this impulsively to wear to a wedding, and i&#39;m so glad i did. it is so soft and comfy and gorgeous--and has pockets. it&#39;s loose but really really flattering somehow. i would typically get a size 12 in a fitted dress but the medium was perfect for me.
I found this in my local atl store that carries petites before seeing it on-line. the materials is lovely and silky with a full lining. the top lace detailing is a nice touch and will make the dress stand out under jackets or sweaters for cool weather. this is great with any shoe type. very versatile year round piece alone or under layers. should be good for all body types.
I really liked this top. ordered the blue and am considering getting the pink color. 5'4, 135lbs, ordered xxs and it fit great. has nice drape around hips and not too snug.
I love this shirt. i would recommend an undershirt.
These are the most flattering pair of white jeans i have ever found!! people stop me when i wear them and ask me where i purchased them and the name of the brand! flattering, comfortable and perfect for a casual weekend or going out! highly recommend!
Give me a dress with pockets any day! i loved how i can wear this fall - spring. so cute. so comfortable. can dress it up or down. have 2 events that i'm going to wear it too!
I love this dress!  i originally ordered it in a small but returned it for an extra small.  it fits perfectly - love the details.  so classic and comfortable !
This sweater just arrived in my mailbox and it's already my favorite piece of clothing. it is the softest thing i own... and it feels so luxe. as the reviewer below noted: yes, it has pockets. they are slit-style pockets (probably why you can't see them in the photo) and the opening is trimmed with the same cable detail featured on the front of the sweater.  i'm also a professor... but i still get mistaken for a grad student so i don't mind appearing "professorial." i'll probably wear this to th
I purchased this dress in my regular size small as soon as i saw it pop up on-line and found it to be tts (34d-27-35), it hits just to my knee (i'm 5'4") and it actually reminds me of the way maeve's devery dress looks and fits which is really, really nice. i'm finding this dress by floreat to also be quite slimming and the embroidery and colors set against the black is just absolutely gorgeous! the material is super soft, the v-neck isn't too low and i love the pockets so i'm very happy with my
I originally ordered the regular xxs (loose fit = xxs nowadays) and the length was right above the knee... it looked great and classy/classic but i felt like perhaps the chest height would be better in petite. so i ordered the xxs p as well... decision time:  i decided on petite because the overall dress fit my body better, though it is now shorter (a couple inches above the knee0. still looks classy with a boot, but flirtier. embroidery is beautiful, as others mentioned, fabric is comfortable
Bought this to wear to desert trip this weekend when we see the stones, dylan, mccartney, who, roger walters and neil young. think its the perfect outfit as it definitely has an 80's feel, now if only i had a pair of brown or teal boots, it would be perfect. i'll keep hunting~
I love this dress so much - the perfect summer dress. comfortable, easy to travel with and i get compliments on it all the time!
I love this dress. i think the cut, fabric and embroidery are all flattering. this dress is comfortable and can be dressed up or down. i am 5'1 and weigh anywhere from 108-113 lbs. i at first tried on the xxs petite and liked the look but found it to be tight in the arm area. they didn't have an xs petite so i tried on the s petite to see if there was any major difference. there totally was! so i ordered the xs petite online and can't wait to get it!!
Love this dress! i'm 5'7", 135 lbs and typically wear either a small or x-small in maeve. since this one has lots of extra fabric, i ordered it in an xs and xxs. they were basically the same everywhere except the xxs had a much shorter weave pattern at the top, so i ended up keeping the xs. it's great dress, lots of room and swings nicely.
I'm obsessed with the perfect" leather look " coated jeans.. i have another high end denim brand in black.. i may like these better.. they fit perfect maybe a tad big? high enough so potential bottoms shows when bending .. perfect stretch .. not to leathery looking just enough. the ties at ankle are different ... i would love these in black! but this color is awesome, and this cut very flattering . for reference i'm a 16 bottom, smaller waste bigger booty .. size 33 fit perfect ..
All the positive reviews are right - the shirt is great! something not entirely obvious from the online photos is that there is a slit on both sides of the shirt. makes it even more comfortable and flattering. i wasn't sure how i was going to style this for the winter before i received it but as soon as i put it on i had plenty of ideas. it looks particularly great with a chunky scarf, leggings, and boots. it looked great with a close fitting turtleneck underneath. it really can be dressed up or
I saw this dress in my local retailer store, and am not sure why i did not try it on then, but later at home it began to haunt me. i loved the colored embroidery against the black. my husband and i will be traveling to europe later this fall and i wanted to take a dress with me that wouldn't take up too much room, and be suitable for times when i wanted to dress-up a little. online i saw that it was available in the petite, and with the reviews warning that it ran large i opted for a medium petite
I have been looking for a cuddly yet nice looking sweater like this one for a long time. i love anther as they always deliver what i am looking for.
This cute top fits great. it's got a nice fit on arms, shoulders, and bust, then flares out a bit to give ease to the tummy area. the back has a cute button trim and solid blue inset. cute top!
I bought this dress on sale and it is perfect! i wish that i would've invested sooner and picked it up in a number of different colors. the cut is amazing and the cutout on the back is sexy without exposing too much skin.
The embroidery grabbed my attention, but i loved the way it felt once i tried it on. the fit is loose (i'm between a small and medium and the small was a bit loose), but still flattering. i really love everything about it, even the lighter weight fabric. i live in the south were fall and winter tend to be on the warmer side. the v-neck is just perfect. i can see wearing this to work as well as out - one of the most versatile dresses i've found lately!
I just love this dress - so comfortable and flattering. maeve has had some great dresses this summer, but this one may be my favorite. this one could easily been worn in to fall with a sweater or jacket.
Beautiful dress that is well constructed. the fabric is substantial and feels expensive.i am 5'4" and weigh 134,  36 bust 29 waist and ordered the m/l. i usually wear a 6-8 in dresses, so i worried that it would be too big but it fit perfectly. i am very happy with my purchase.
This dress is gorgeous. it swings beautifully, it's soft, it's incredibly flattering! i would say it runs big. i ordered an xxs petite, normally i would wear xs petite, and it fits great. for reference, i'm 5'1" and a 32dd. finally a loose fitting dress that doesn't make me look pregnant!
Adore the bright embroidery against the black background!  mine was well done and no loose threads.  although this is all synthetic fabric (which i hate paying for!) but i couldn't help myself once i tried it on.  it's very roomy and if you're slender, size down unless you prefer the breezy swingy look like i do.  this is a three season dress that will do well with layers and without.  i picked regular hem instead of petite and it actually looks slimmer on me than the shorter version.
I'm glad i saw this item in stores, otherwise i would have passed it right by online. the embroidery is intricately detailed and sharp, and the fabric quality is great. i had to size down for this dress. it's comfortable, and can be dressed up or down. its a great versatile piece!
The embroidery on this dress is beautiful in person. perfect dress for fall.
The only strange thing is the size. i used to wear size s (117bl) but this time the small is way too big. i still keep it and put a belt on. it is a very very pretty dress. i used to buy sale from antheropologie. but can not wait this time. i am very impressed by the design. can not praise more!
I just love this top, it has a flattering cut, fun summer colors! i purchased the white and paired it with the plata chevron skirt. both pieces go with everything and can be dressed up or down. perfect for traveling. only tricky part for me was reaching all the buttons in the back. highly recommend!! stock more pieces like this retailer!
I am so pleased with this top! it is slightly fitted - i am 5'3", 110 lbs, - and have trouble finding tops that are flattering but not too form fitting. also it is 100% cotton, which is a definite plus. as of now it is my go-to top - looks great with jeans or leggings.
I don't normally like how i look in rompers but this one was so cute i had to try.  i was pleasantly surprised that it fit great and was comfortable too!
I bought this dress to wear to a fall wedding and couldn't be happier! i'm very curvy (34dd-28-43) and the medium fit like a glove. the fabric has a great 70's vibe while the fit is extremely classic. i have never felt more beautiful and received many compliments. i am 5'6" and it hit just to the top of my feet. i highly recommend.
I love this romper! i wear it as lounge wear around the house and to bed. it shows a bit more skin than i'd be comfortable showing in public but perfect for around the house. i'm usually a medium but it hung on me weird so i sized down and it's absolutely perfect!  love the color, the fabric and how it falls just right and the ultra softness is heavenly.
I bought this dress to wear at a wedding. i am short, so i would have really loved the petite, but they were sold out both online and in store when i bought it. i'm making do with high heels. the sheen is gorgeous and the dress is very comfortable over all. i'd also add that i'm pretty curvy and the cut fits my body perfectly.
I love this top, it's not too fitted and falls in the right part of my waist giving me good movement. i wear it to work and everyone compliments how the back is longer the top doesn't ride up your back!
I tried this one twice, in the same day, the first time, i didn't like it, the stylist in the dressing room at the time dind't etiher, but then my favorite stylist finally showed up (:-) ) and i tried it on again, but at the time, had changed pants... made all the difference. you really need hte right pants for htis, but it is gorgeous.  i bought hte black color online, i liked it better, the white has stell colored polka dots, so if you want more of a spring color, also good for you.  style: ca
I loved this shirt from the moment i saw it on the table. i am always too tall for a peplum blouse because they hit my rib cage instead of my waist, but this shirt doesn't have that problem! i have the white one, the polka dots are a really pretty corn flower blue color. i usually wear an 8 in maeve blouses, but this one i took a 6. there is definately no give though. i have a very flat chest and only wear a lacy bralette under this shirt because there is no room for anything else. i am sad thou
This product fit perfectly. the color is as pictured or slightly bigger. perfect for a day or night out
Picked this up in the white, and it's adorable. i'm a 2 in maeve blouses, usually just to fit my bust. i picked it up in the 2 because that's all my store had, and it fits. it's definitely tight across the bust, but not constricting. the shirt has no give, but it's still comfy, and to be expected from 100% cotton. the peplum is very dramatic high-low, and poofs out in the back also a little dramatically but gosh that's what makes it so gorgeous! great blouse, so precious.
This dress is soft and hits all the right spots. the neckline makes it a little alternative which i like.
Love this and wish it came in more colors. the fabric and cut are so comfortable. i bought my usual size and was a little sad to see that it shrunk just a touch in the wash. washed and then air dried but put in dryer for 15 mins to speed up drying process. i'm 5'7" so it's already short but now i'll probably just have to wear it as a cover up or loungewear around the house. super cute though and great price with sale on sale!
Love the fit and color, but the material is my favorite. it's so soft and comfy. feels like your walking around in your pjs!
Hello i could not see how this dress could get anything but a 5 star review . the only thing that i thought would be a negative is that it may stag easily. other than that this dress is stunning on and i feel it runs large . i wear a sz 4 and the xs fit just right i'm 5ft 6in tall looks great with a high heel since its really long to the floor which i like as far as the shine on this dress. i love it it makes it worth the price and dresses up a casual dress . and its very comfortable .
This is a great fit and super cute, price not bad either!!
I broke my rule of not buying polyester for this dress, twice (helped by sale price with additional percent off promo). it's mainly the irresistible print, i bought it in both the lovely blue-pink floral and the patterned red. love it. works best when the weather is in upper 60s, with tights and boots, but i think it will also work with bare legs and clunky sandals when the weather is warmer. the fit is loose except for in the chest and shoulders, so don't size down. i do wish the fabric was not
I debated getting this dress for over a month and finally purchased it on retailer member day for 20%off. i wore it on a chiller night with a denim jacket and booties for a more casual feel. constant compliments from friends and strangers.   only complaint about the dress is the slit. it does not go as high like on the model, stops right at the knee.the cross over is not too revealing (which is nice). overall the fit is great! im 5&#39;6 and usually size 12 and 36dd, the large was perfect!
This top is true to size for me, i'm 5'8'' 128lbs, and i ordered both a size 4 and 6. the six was too big, i could tell because the shoulder seem was in the wrong spot and i couldn't lift my arms, the shoulder seem hung too low. the 4 was perfect, i had full range of motion for my arms and was easily able to bend down and touch my toes without any pulling on the buttons of the shirt. i always order a small or size 4 in tops. the bigger size didn't add any length in front just added a boxier feel
This is a great casual top for spring! i loved the covered buttons in the back, and the longer back peplum too. the peplum in the front covers the top of pants. i am 5'9" tall and often times have difficulty finding sleeves that are long enough, so the 3/4 length sleeves are perfect. the fabric is light weight but not sheer, and the embroidered dots are well done.
I love this tunic! the fit is ttt and the quality is nice. i will get much use out of this piece!
I absolutely love each this dress! it is shimmery as others have said but the design looks so beautiful that way and i don't agree that it mages it look cheap. love the neckline and the length is perfect unless you're a petite size. i would snatch this one right up if it weren't for the price point. i'm hoping it'll go to sale but it's so beautiful it might be sold out by then . the fabric seems delicate like he threads could come apart easily.
I love this dress! the beading gives it something special and the petite fits my 5" frame perfectly. lightweight enough to wear now and again later with layers for fall. very soft fabric!
Love this top, it's a 100% cotton and looks amazing with jeans. you should consider ordering a size up, i am usually an 0, 32d and 107pound. tried the 0 in store it just didn't feel right the size 2 fit just right. love the shirt, and got tons of complement:)
These are the most comfortable trousers in my whole wardrobe.  love them.
Not for shorties. i'm 5'3 and will need to get them hemmed.
Fit is perfect! very flattering. they are very long, so i will need to shorten.
I am in love with this dress. not too dressy, not too casual and hugs the body in all the right spots. i am 5'7 with curves and this flatters well. i also bought (and adore) the velvet taupe ankle strap shoes they show with them, super in-love with the whole look. dress will look great with booties too. just hope i don't snag the sweater dress, which looks easy to do, because i want to wear this all fall and winter long.
Bought this dress for engagement photos and was a little worried about sizing, but when i got it it fit perfectly and was very comfortable. it runs true to size. my only complaint is that there was a missing button on the sleeve, but because there was an extra it was easily fixed. definitely recommend!
Great winter maxi. soft and comfortable fabric. good quality. stretchy but not too clingy. fitted in all the right places and very flattering. petite was unavailable so will need hemming.
I love rifle paper, and when i saw this dress online, i knew that i had to have it. this dress is even prettier in person than it is in the picture. it's pretty and delicate, and can easily be dressed up or down. i found this dress to fit true to size. it definitely has that "baby doll dress" fit to it, but i love it! this is a dress that i'll feel beautiful in and pull out of my closet over and over again.
This romper is sooo comfortable and cute! it is definitely pretty casual, and probably best used as a beach cover up, as it exposes a lot of skin. that being said, i have worn it out and about on very hot days and felt totally fine. as far as sizing, i usually order a small, and got this in a small and it fit perfectly.
This dress is amazing! i love the collaboration with rifle paper. it has a nice boho swing look. i sized down from my typical small and took an xs. both fit well but i wanted the shoulders to be more fitted.
This dress will be perfect for the mid-september wedding i'm attending. september is a transitional month fashion-wise and this knit dress will be perfect. the shimmer (which isn't apparent from the website) makes it festive enough for a wedding.
I fell in love with dress immediately! it runs small, but is very flattering, even if you have a little you want to hide. i went up 1 size. so comfy and beautiful! love!!
I love the colorblock color combo. the colors are neutral enough to go with so many things yet still be unique and stand out. the fit was perfect. i took my normal size medium.
I love the color and shimmer of this dress. it is very unique and one of a kind. the slit is not as high as the photo online but that can be adjusted if need be at a tailor. it's a great dress!
This is much cuter in person than in the picture. in person, i am much more aware that it is also a lower length in the back and it flairs just a little so that the design really stands out. i bought in the white and blue dots and can see wearing it in the now, spring, and even summer! it is just a tad tight in my size 10, so i went up to a 12. thank you retailer - this will be timeless!!
This top is extremely well done. it looks classy and timeless. i tried on the white version in store, but chose to order the black as the white was too sheer.
This dress fits and flatters a curvy silhouette. size medium length is perfect for my 5'7" frame. utterly comfortable and so many compliments!
I feel like i'm cheating when i put this on it's so comfy almost like wearing cozy pj's but with my black belt and boots and a cute scarf i can easily wine and dine looking like a million bucks and feeling like i'm lounging at the same time. i wish this came in more colors!!
This dress is my new best friend. i've been looking for work dresses that don't require much effort in putting together an outfit, and this is just it! the pattern is fun and unique (i got many compliments), the cut is comfortable, flattering and feminine. the dress really speaks for itself, and all i have to do is throw it on and run out the door. the only negative is there was a loose piece of thread at the bottom (fingers crossed this doesn't lead to problems later on) and the sleeve buttons
I love love love this swimsuit! yes it's a bit pricey for a bathing suit, but i love the design and colors and the back detailing is sexy yet not all that revealing. i can't wait to wear it in hawaii next month! the only part to be careful about is not to stretch it too much when putting it on and taking it off, i can see the diamond cutouts stretching or even ripping if pulled too hard by accident. overall a great swimsuit for the summer!
A very versatile and cozy top. would look great dressed up or down for a casual comfy fall day. what a fun piece for my wardrobe!
I ordered this in xl and the fit on me matches the fit on the model. it's meant to be loose & flowy so i think it's true to size. everything matches the photos--the sleeve length, hem, neckline, etc. it's not a slimming look but doesn't make me look bigger than i am either.  the material is a very soft cotton. the pattern of the lace on the top portion is very pretty. there are sequins mixed with the embroidery on the sleeves. the thread they used for those cutout areas is soft. it's washed well
Material is heavier so maybe not for summer months, but fit & feel great. love that they fall beyond the knee where other leggings can fall just below the knees and be uncomfortable and restricting which makes no sense for "active" wear.
I was pleasantly surprised by how well this dress skims over the body. definitely needs the belt that comes with the dress to add some shape. the color is gorgeous, great print and very light fabric - perfect for summer.
Beautiful maxi fits tts. i normally wear a 10/12 and took a 12. it is flattering to the waist and makes me feel girly. the colors are so beautiful and the length is good for my 5'9 frame.
I fell in love with the color scheme and knew this would be perfect for vacations and weddings.  colors are slightly muted in reality, seems the retailer filter adds more contrast, but it's still gorgeous!   lining is full length, there's a zipper going up the back, fitted at the waist, and ribbon ties at the back of the neck that are long enough to style at the throat if wanted.  i wasn't sure of my size so i picked my larger range and i'm glad i did.  my weight fluctuates so when it goes down, t
I ordered my usual sz s during the promo. arrived yesterday & the fit is perfect w/ a little room to spare for layering. it's a snap front closure, front patch pockets, & attached hood that is small to med size-not huge or overwhelming. it's 100% acrylic which isn't my 1st choice, but soft, comfy & seems good quality. length falls abt 3" below my knees. arm length is fine. pretty much looks as in the pic including the marled color. if you are in need of a great functional long swtr w/ good looks
This dress is so beautiful & fits my hourglass figure perfectly. it's fully lined & the print is nicer in person. very easy dress to wear to many summer occasions! i'm an 8-10 on top & 10-12 on the bottom. size 10 dress fit perfectly!
I have been living in mine since i bought it! so comfy and dressier than a plain sweatshirt!
Love this cardigan! it is a really a sweet and sexy top. so flattering to curves and yet conceals too. the material is wonderfully soft and stretchy.
Wore my new red cardigan for the first time today to work. fit is tts. this is a true red and not neon or orange tinted. it wraps nicely in front and has a nice flair at the hips.. i also like the detail in the knit. i like to push my sleeves up and love the fact that they don't slide down my arms all day. i'll wear this cardigan a lot.
This is a great top. soft and cozy fabric, nice and sturdy feeling. it's heavier than i though it'd be so its perfect for the cooler days of spring, and even a chilly summer night. i love that it's long enough in the front for me to feel comfortable wearing leggings. the body is nice and roomy but the arms are a little snug, however, i like that because i think it makes it look less like a slubby sweatshirt. the best part... it can be cleaned in the washer and drier! thrilled with this purchase!
This top is really cute. my daughter tried it on and tried to take it.
I usually wear a medium or large in retailer clothes. i purchased this in a large and it fit perfectly. it is a clingier top but i didn't find it too much so. the ribbing makes it very attractive and slimming, and also can be worn as a stand alone turtleneck or easily as a layered piece. it is super soft and comfy as others have mentioned, and a tad thicker than just a cotton turtleneck would be - it has substance. also, it would be great for traveling because it doesn't wrinkle at all. love that!
Love the quality of this material, and how the lines fall on the back. i got a a medium petite because the small was sold out, and i like how it fits. petite sits around the hip area and it's not too long which i like. the color is definitely more of an orange/tangerine color - not red. great cover up sweater!
I purchased this sweater in black to dress up my everyday cardigan. this is very soft and can dress up a skirt or great with jeans.
I like it a lot - very soft, just enough detail to keep it interesting, but still a classic look. i got this in a small and it's a little short on me compared to the model. i'm 5'6", long-waisted, 34b (small side), 145lbs (carry bulk of my weight in legs.so trim on top). i will keep the small but also get a medium; the small ties a little high and i also want a sweater that can cover my shirt tails when i don't tuck them in.. i got it in black, so can't comment on the orange or red.
I just bought this cardigan in black at the store and i love it. the tie at the waist is flattering and the fabric is soft and stretchy. the regular size fit me perfectly as far as where the waist and hem hit, although the sleeves had to be turned up (i'm 5'1" with more length in torso than limbs). i was so happy with the fit other than sleeve length that i bought the regular small rather than coming online for the petite. because the fabric is rather thin and the shape trim i can fold the sleev
I have been looking for a good red cardigan for some time now. this one perfectly meets my needs, and now i want it in more colors. the sweater has a nice cut, and it is very soft and comfortable. i know this will be a go to staple piece in my closet.
Chic and comfortable and looks great with skinny jeans or leggings. i'm usually a small/medium and thought the medium had a better overall look - sleeves were just a little long. the detail on the sleeves is kind of like the inside of a sweatshirt and makes it look a little more polished than the average athleisure top.
I bought the red cardigan because i didn't have anything similar and was so pleasantly surprised by the fit and design that i'm going have to buy it in whatever other colors are available. it's very versatile - looks great tied in front, in back, at the side - and has a tiny bit of flare at the bottom so it's more feminine and flirty than your average cardigan. i have a few tops by this brand and have been really happy with the quality and design.
This is a very nice turtleneck. the variations in the ribbing are a modern (and flattering) touch. in some of the photos online it almost looked to me like there are color variations - fyi there are not. all the ribbing areas are the same shade of black. ---------- unless you are very small framed, i would recommend sizing up; or, if you typically wear a m or a l, go with the l. as reference i have wide shoulders (wider than my hips), large biceps, and a 34b chest, and i went with the l because
I never would have thought to choose this, but an retailer associate suggested the black sweater as a topper while i was trying on the camellia dropwaist dress, and it made a sale, i bought them both! the sweater, while not decked with beads or embroidery, adds an incredible definition to any outfit that is overly flowy. i would say the photo above showing the grey sweater says it all. usually a size 6 in retailer dresses, the small fit well. i appreciate the cotton fiber content, as well as the ver
Love this cardigan, ordered the red which is a nice tomato red, but not orange. sz medium fits perfect on my frame, 34dd, 145 lbs and 5 '4. love the style and finishes a pant, skirt or dress nicely. i just may order the black ! did not see this item in the store near me, but lucky to order it on sale. beautiful quality.
This was such a nice surprise. it's way more sweatshirt than i thought, and maybe a touch bigger than i thought, but it's super cute and comfortable. i've worn it a bunch of times already.
This top is exactly what i was expecting. super comfortable while still looking stylish. just covers your bum so you can wear it with leggings or jeans!
What a nice sweater! i just received this in the gray and i think it is one of the most flattering sweaters i've gotten in a long time. the fit is true to size. the sleeves are very long and tight halfway to the elbows and fit well in the upper arms. the stitching on the body gives an illusion of height and is slenderizing. the weight is perfect for every season. i am very happy with everything about this sweater.
I love this dress and it is going to be my go-to summer dress. the fabric is great with just a slight amount of stretch. it is true to size. i am 5ft 8" and it is not too short on me. the arm holes and the rest of the fitting is just perfect. the pockets are also very functional. the color is a darker moss than a brown that it looks like in the pictures. the retailer dresses i order online offlate are returned 90% of the time due to ill fitting or for not being what i expected in general, however
Oh my god - i love this skirt. i first order the size 4 and immediately called customer service and had them send me a 2. i found it be be both plenty stretchy (great for moving, sitting, etc) but runs on the large size. but the fit is amazing. i love the length - a perfect knee-skimmer for me (5'9"). i love the color (green) and the pockets and button fly are so fun without being too much! i've tried it on with several tops and sweaters in my closet and this skirt is going to be one that i can
What an adorable, classic style fringed top this is! i recently purchased this in my regular size but i should've read the reviews first and ordered a size up. when i went up from a size 6 to an 8 (34d-27-35), it fit me perfectly and looks so cute on! i think this one feels well made and i love the little details of the beads and how the fringe is placed. it looks very flapper girl;) i bought this on sale in the pink color and cannot wait until spring and summer to wear with jeans or a skirt!
Almost the perfect skirt! great colors,super cute fit,very flattering,great length,very versatile. only issue was size; normally a solid 10, i ended up a full 2 sizes smaller. very stretchy and comfortable,just try it on first or order a couple of sizes. go down at least 1 size. as others have said...pilcro strikes again,its such a great brand with the most flattering shapes and fabrics.
These pants are fabulous. the flow and feel made my mind up easily to purchase these. i have a long torso and short muscular legs. the style complimented by body type. being culottes, the hem should probably fall higher up on my legs. i will probably have them hemmed. the pleat has a nice kick to it. now off to find the right pair of shoes...
I took advantage of the sale this weekend & purchased this super cute vest yesterday which made it a more justifiable purchase. it's so soft, fits tts & i just can't wait for cooler weather so i can start wearing it!
I ordered this as a gift and may order myself one. it is so comfortable and pretty.
Loved these culottes! flattering fit and nice drape. the fabric, though poly, is of a nice weight and swishes nicely as you walk. the length (just below knee length) works for me too. the color is lovely for the fall - rich copper and easy to pair . i'd say these are tts but if in doubt, size down. i"m between a size 8-10 and the 8 works best for me.
This robe is incredibly soft! it is wonderful to put on right after a shower and it is very warm! the sleeves are lined with a jersey like material and they are so easy to get on and off. it fits true to size. i am so excited to have this robe!!!
I ordered these culottes because they looked comfortable yet elegant. they are indeed both!
I have been looking for a tan color skirt so i ordered this as soon as i saw it. so glad i did the deep camel color can still be worn in late summer as styled in the product photos and transition to fall staple. the material is nice weight , and has a stretch. the cut has a little 60's vibe that i love. i think it should keep it's shape hopefully launders well. i think it runs slightly large, as my waist is large in comparison to my hip proportion and there is no pinch for me. i will rebuy this
Love this vest! saw it and bought it instantly. i'm 5'8" and slim and got the xs. it fits perfectly. there is a lot of "puff" to it, but it's really warm and soft.
Tried these on out of sheer curiosity -- i've got a long torso & was pleasantly surprised how flattering they are! they manage to look flowing & sleek without shortening the legs. took a size 6 with my 27" waist, 37" hips. it's a bit of a generous fit, especially around the waist, but they're extremely comfortable & have room to tuck tops into. i have the cowled sweater tank in gray & it looks fantastic over these! couldn't resist getting both the rust and black. perfect for a dressy casual look
I am 5'3, curvy and wear a size 12 and these pants look amazing! often i struggle with wide keg pants bc they make me look short and plump, however, the material is buttery soft and hang in an elegant way and most important they are quite flattering. even if you don't think culottes will work for your body type- i suggest you give these a try.
Well made. color is great, goes from summer right into fall. looks good with sandles and will wear with boots later on. goes well with classic tee, denim shirt or plaid blouse. has a retro/ classic look.
Love this skirt. super comfortable, yet nicely tailored. roomy pockets always come in handy. the dark mustard looks great with the black and white tops that dominate my closet. this will be my go-to skirt for the fall for both my business-casual office environment and weekends out and about running errands, etc. i agree with the other reviewers re: sizing: because of the stretch, if you?re between sizes, you should size down. i'm usually a medium, or size 8 or 10, so i got the 8. i may have been
I love this dress. i am an hourglass and found this dress to be super flattering and such a unique find. i usually avoid pockets in front like this, but it works on this dress. so happy i found it.
First off, these are great because they are not so tight like all other work out crops that my anatomy is not a mystery to people around me. i have an athletic build and these pants are awesome in that they hug the body lightly. they are so soft and comfy also. perfect for running and the gym and apres whatever. i bought a back up pair.
Great versatile skirt, very flattering
I ordered this in a petite (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips, and size 4p fits perfectly) and it fits very well everywhere. however, i think if you're bigger than 34b, size up, because this top is very fitted around the bust. the bottom hem falls right below my belly button, the neckline is not too low and not too high. i chose black because i feel that there are a lot of details and can be toned down with a darker color. i think this top must be fitted for a tailored look, or otherwise one may risk t
I tried this skirt on because i liked the green color thinking that the pockets would not be flattering to my size 12 figure. i was wrong. the pockets are flattering to a round tummy. the pocket flap is stitched down on the side and button near the center so they don't stick out. a good skirt for fall.
120 lbs and i saw this while shopping with my sister who is 125 lbs. we both tried on the small and the fit was perfect. i didnot need a petite. it is so soft and i didnt notice other vests with different fabric from each other at all. the vest is just like the photo. its cozy. collar didn't bother me, i wear my top collar out or with a turtleneck. i waited until it was on sale because the price was a little high. but it is very soft and uniquely special.
I bought this sweater in the sky color. just love it, i'll go back for the rust colored one.
Beautiful skirt with a fun, graphic pattern and embroidered texture. i tried on my usual xs as well as a s to compare. they both fit but i decided to keep the xs since the skirt has a little bit of a stretch thanks to a hidden elastic panel in the back, plus it looks best at your natural waist. i'm 5'2" and often need to wear petite, but this skirt is already quite short so i bought the regular size. looks great bare-legged or with tights. love the pockets too!
Just received the bra and matching panty in the mail and loved it. the true color is a little darker, i would call it a taupe. the fabric is really nice. i am a 34 c and ordered a medium just from my freepeople bra experiences, and they run small. the medium is perfect for my size. i usually order a small panty, and this one fits, it looks smaller than pictured on the model. this set is one of a kind, the pattern on fabric is really beautiful. i think it is worth the price. if you like lingerie,
I ordered the white in this. i found it to be so much prettier in person than the photos. i don't think they do this piece justice. i am normally a medium and that is what i ordered. i found it fit true to size. love the three ties in the back. it's a tad baggy, but looks great. i can see that this might snag easily though.
Soft and sweet
Lovely sweater! it's a new staple in my wardrobe. love the fit and styling, but what drew me in at first sight were the colors. it's warm and cuddly.
This is one of my favorite sweaters of the season. it is warm and cozy and looks so cute with jeans. it's definitely a little shorter on me than it looks on the model, even though i'm only 5'4.
Cute twist with the open back on a simple classic sweater... light weight...
This sweater is absolutely lovely. i bought it in the sky color which is so pretty, the picture just doesn't do it justice! the yarn is super soft and it seems as though it will be plenty warm this winter. i also love the retro 70's look. a definite keeper.
Omg i love this sweater. it is minimalistic yet romantic. my mother in-law bought this for me last may when she was visiting and one for herself. i saw it today at the store in white and i snatched it up. i will wear this for years. i did not see until now that is is meant to be worn with the ties in the back. i've been wearing it with the ties in the front. what a bonus that there are 2 ways to wear this wonderful sweater. i will wear these 2 pieces for many, many years.
Absolutely love this top! yes it runs big and is flowy but i think it is very flattering, especially with skinny jeans. loved it so much i bought the navy and wine colors for myself and the green for my mom. for reference i'm 5'7" 115 lbs (33-25-33) and the xs fit well (falls just above my mid thigh).
This sweatshirt is extremely comfy and stylish. i am happy with the item and it runs a snag large but perfect for a sweatshirt.
The front of this top is pretty thin and you can see through it
I'm glad i checked out the reviews before purchasing - i went a size smaller and the sweater fit perfectly! i love the taupe color - it's feminine (not overtly so) and i can still use it as a neutral. the quality is really quite good, though i would still suggest keeping metal accessories (without smooth edges) away from the fabric. it's also not too heavy so i can still wear this despite the heat and humidity in honolulu.   i think the only thing i would consider changing would be the materia
I ordered this a little big because the smallest size that they had was a medium. i probably could have gone with a small, but given that i am a 34d on top (and @ a size 2 on the bottom & @ 120lbs), the medium fits me just fine. it is super soft, and you can wear it with just about anything. keep in mind that your midriff may show a bit depending on how high your bottoms are. however, i paired it with a white pair of skinny jeans with a cute belt (so a teeny bit of my midriff was showing at time
I almost bought this tank online, but decided to wait. once i saw it in the store, i knew i had to have it. i bought it in the ivory color, which is perfect. the gold details are subtle, and so pretty. i don't find it too sheer, as some of the other reviews have stated. the cut is so flattering, and it is easy to wear to work when paired with a cardigan.
Love love love this tunic. it has panels that don't really show up in the picture but the panels make it lay really nice. it's great over leggings and skinny jean cords. could even wear it with opaque tights. it's great for work, play or evening. i bought the navy blue with the heart print. i love it so much i'll probably get the green and the red when they go on sale. this is a pricey top. for reference i'm 5"3 128lbs. 32ddd fits great all the way around and the length is perfect - mid-thigh an
This tunic looks great in person whether you get the red, green, or navy. runs true and hangs well--the ruffle at the bottom is super flattering and the construction of this tunic is impressive! so good i had to get both the red and navy!
Beautiful, comfortable and attractive sweater! my neckline doesn't stay flat as the one in the photo does, but i love the sweater anyway. great quality, attractive, and comfortable.
I liked the look of this online, but it's even nicer in person. just the right length on the hips, a medium weight, and with enough interest and exposure on the shoulders to make it feel like a stylish option for a slightly cool night without falling into the too-heavy and makes-you-feel-dumpy category of sweater. like the slightly short sleeves too.
I feel in love with this shirt online and purchased it right away. this is one of the those pieces that makes retailer my favorite place to shop... stylish, unique and beautiful. it is a bit full in the bottom so i sized down from my normal s to xs and am very pleased.
This has a classic tunic style silhouette with delicate gold threads. it looks even better in person than online.
Easy to wear, but still has a lot of style. i see this becoming a new basic.
Love this sweater for so many reasons; fits true to size, unique in design, versatile, soft and so easy to wear. i've worn it tied in the back and front. it goes great with a skirt or dress pants for work, date night and elevates the look with any of my jeans. i love haying clothes i can get the most out of. highly recommend this sweater!
Got this shirt in the green color. it's long and flowy and fits true to size. super comfy.
This is my new favorite sweater. soft and comfortable and easy to wear to both work and play. being able to wear different things under this makes it very versatile and easy to change looks.
I got the taupe and loved it so much i ordered the white and wore both this week alone! they are so cute and a great weight in this spring/summer weather we're having in the bay area.  the taupe is a normal medium and a bit roomy, so ordered the white in a medium petite and it's pretty great. just depends upon how you like to wear it - both are lovely.   my advice? get two - today! you won't regret it.  order your regular size - don't size up or down!
Great tunic top! is longer than i thought it would be so i probably could have sized down, definitely covered my butt! but overall a great print and cute top. loving it!
I got the top in green, it is very soft and comfy. it does flare out a little if you wear it untucked but looks really cute tucked into jeans or a skirt.
This top is super versatile--i wear it with jeans on the weekend but it's also work appropriate. it's light and perfect for warm weather!
I love this dress. the pockets are great and the fabric is very soft and similar to other cloth and stone garments. i also love it's made in the usa. my only wish is that the chambray version was as great. (it's not - the pockets are cut bad, it's cut smaller in the chest, and made in china)
The drape of this shirt is flattering, and i appreciate the longer tail in back. the fabric is light, and that is perfect for our fall transition here in so. california. with a sweater, it will be great in winter, too. so far, i've worn it with jeans and booties, and have accessorized it in different ways to dress it up or down.
I love an all cotton shirt! feels great and has a bit of quirky styling without being over the top
I picked this dress up to take into the dressing room to try on without looking at the price tag. im typically a small and he dress in store was an xs but because of the wrap i figured i'd try it anyway. this dress is to die for! the xs fit me just fine (though the snap at the chest wouldn't stay closed but i thought it looked ok). i looked at the tag after falling in love with the dress but left the store without it. i'm contemplating purchasing it still because i can't stop thinking about it!!
This top fits tts as shown on model. loose, flowy but the cut/details/flounce still give some nice shape. i usually take a s or m at retailer depending on the style/make. went with the small in this. i am 5'5",narrow shoulders, ruler shape 34dd. no gaping in the front. fits gracefully flows with details that are classic and add the wow factor to this social or work appropriate top. so complimentary, it would flatter many body types. the neckline is juuuuussst right, i fasten the top button to make
Luv this top/dress/coverup..runs a lil big...i sized down for a more fitted look to pair it with cropped skinny jeans! fabric is nice, comfortable and light!
This top is beautiful and i'm in love..but.. it'd huuuuggge! i'm always a large in retailer tops. im going to return for a med or maybe even a small ( which is unheard of for me) .... quality is great!!! get it just size down
I got this in a petite xs; it's gorgeous and incredibly soft, great quality as well. my one little caveat is that it's very short; i'm 5'1 with a short torso and it still didn't get very far on me, but if you wear it with high-waited pants/skirt it's not a big deal
Love this top! i tried it on in the store and instantly loved. i wore it and ordered it in another color. i bought my usual size but decided i'd like to have it slightly smaller for the next one, so i ordered down. it can go either way, it's quite flawy and roomy. cool for summer and supper flattering.
This is my new favorite white top in my closet - the loose fit, flowy quality fabric, and effortless versatility are spot on for anyone's wardrobe. i took my usual size s - i wouldn't size down in this because although it's roomy in the torso, the sleeves and shoulders fit perfectly on my thin arms. everyone should have this beauty!
I bought the blue in store and loved it so much that my hubby recommended i buy the raspberry online! i usually buy a medium in tops, but went with the small so it wouldn't be so flowy. fabric is soft and not itchy. i will be wearing these a lot this fall!
The top is quite lovely and good quality. i ended up getting a size 4, which fit similarly to the model photos. i am smaller up top and wide in the hips, but the shape worked well for my shape.
I think this dress is my favorite purchase this whole year! it fits like a dream! i saw it in the store while it was full price and tried on an 8 (the only size they had left!). i typically wear a 6 or 8 in dresses, but the 8 was quite large, so i passed. after it went on sale, i ordered a 6 with my fingers crossed! glad i ordered when i did, as they sold out fast! fabric is a nice substantial weight, great for fall! the fit is great, not tight at all and more of an a-line on me, which is weird
I typically wear a 26 in jeans and in these i got the 25 and they fit perfectly. i ordered the 25 because i wanted a more fitted look and that was what i got. they are well made, a nice dark wash and with the size 25 a more straight fit and not boyfriend fit. i'm only 5'3" so they come a little past my ankle when unrolled. i've worn them two days in a row and they haven't stretched out...highly recommend.
I usually wear a 27 in pilcro and for these i have to size down to a 26. the 27 was very large in the waist. they are a great dark denim color and look cute with the bottoms rolled up a little.
Much softer fabric than i expected. wrinkles easily.
I love, love, love this top! it is beautiful and very unique. the first day i wore it i got so many compliments! highly recommend!
I tried this sweater on and  loved it immediately! it's super soft and comfortable, and very slimming. i tried my normal size s and an xs, and decided on the xs as the s gave it (and me!) a bit of a wider look. love the navy color!
A 3-season top that compliments jeans, dress pants, shorts & skirts. light-weight and double layered (so should you go without a bra the girls have protection). emphasizes nice shoulders, length just covers any belly flaws. i'm a 6-8 and could have gone small or medium here.
This top when pulled out of the box didn't look like much, the contrast of the buttons, wrinkly, shapeless... but, when i shook it out, tried it on i fell in love. it's so simple and versatile. prob the best white shirt i purchased this year, i'd say it pretty flowly, but that's the style and i love it. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and purchased a small. i would purchase again, and in other colors if they had them.
I bought a medium, my usual size, and had to exchange for a small. i love flowy sweaters, but this one truly fits one size big. the arms and body of the sweater fit larger. beautiful sweater with jeans or legging- can't wait to wear!
Love this top, it looks just as pictured. the lilac color is just as it looks, which i am happy about. sometimes this shade ends up darker than it appears online, but not with this top. it is soft velvet, silky lining and hits right where it does on model. i got a pxs my usual size. i am 5'3. the neck is a bit tight once buttons are buttoned up, but again this is pictured. well made and very pretty. can dress up or down.
This blouse is the definition of how to wear plaid and not feel like a lumberjack.. living in l.a. it's 90 degrees one day, and 60 the next. the lightweight fabric is perfect for our ever changing climate. it runs true to size and is very comfy. thinking of wearing it for thanksgiving dinner.
I do not think i could express how much i love this top! it is so flattering and soft. i love that the bottom half is slightly sheer and a different fabric than the top. it is stretchy, which for me is a wonderful thing. i purchased the day it came in store. it is quickly prone to pilling though!! with the style of shirt it's not so bad, but kind of unfortunate for a top that is almost $100.
I reserve my 5 star reviews for products that are made well, are a good value and have great style. this is one of those rare gems!  the top is just beautiful in person. very lightweight, almost voile-like cotton, so soft and drapey (and yes, you will need a base layer, it's meant to be very sheer) and the crochet and lace insets all over the top are stunning.   the fit is somewhere between tts and slightly oversized, but the shoulders are pretty tts which means it avoids looking like you're
I feel like i have a lot of blouses like this so it really needed to wow me to keep it. and while it is lovely, well made and very pretty and delicate...i just didn't feel like it was anything special. if you don't have a blouse like this, then it is a great find. but it is nothing super out of the ordinary... fit i feel is tts...i am in between a m and l...i ordered the l. lots of room in the body although i didn't like where the arms hit on me. they aren't wrist length but they aren't mid-fore
I found this skirt in a size 8 at my local retailer store. i admired it on the website but to see and feel it in person was very appealing. i tried it on and it fit beautifully, a style that looks great on my figure. i love the mohair weave of the color block sections. the negative is this skirt is really pricy but i had my birthday discount and since the size 8 was sold out online and this skirt must have been a return the chances of it going on sale in a size 8 were very slim. i am still admirin
This sweater looks exactly as represented in the picture. the detail on the cuffs, neckline and hemline make it unique and set it apart from the typical patterned sweater. i've worn it twice already and i'm very pleased.
I was drawn to this sweater for its vibrant colours and unique pattern. i tried it on and immediately fell in love with the comfort, quality, and design. it is a little short, but this minor issue is easily fixed with by wearing a neutral colored undershirt/camisole. the cuffed sleeves reveal a matching pattern and can be rolled down or up. i usually wear a xs or s in retailer's clothes, but i sized up to a m on this one. definitely worth it. this is a festive winter piece that can be dressed up o
This is a very flattering blouse, but it should be noted that holding horses tends to run large in size, so order down. the fabric is 100% cotton, gauzy and light. it is very soft on the skin. i was a bit uncertain whether to keep it at first because it required a bit of adjusting in the way it falls once on, but i decided to keep it and i'm glad i did. it is nice looking with jeans and leggings because the back of the blouse is longer, and because of the lightness of the fabric, it does not app
Finding boyfriend jeans that actually look flattering can be tricky. these fit the bill! not too baggy with a lovely side view silhouette and a front silhouette that does not make you look larger than you actually are - i instantly knew that i had to have these. look supercute with the legs rolled up or as shown in the picture. the denim is soft and the creasing and finish do not look too contrived. i sized down a size and the fit is perfect. highly recommend!
This shirt is so comfortable and flattering. the quality is really good but i would definitely size down. it's not too heavy and can be worn with skinny jeans/jeggings..
Now that i have this dress in my life i think my wardrobe is done.  there is nothing but love for this dress as it hits all the correct points:  great fit, flattering silhouette, comfortable fabric, shape enhancing cut, and the easiest casual style ever!  i got the 10p and my body is 5'3" 140# 36dd
This is one of the softest blouses i now own. it feels and wears like a premium blouse. i love it, and it actually makes my backside look smaller too. even though it is flowy, it is true to size. if you have small arms and a chest than you could go down a size. this is one of my new favorite purchases, and i wear it with the cabled knit bomber and boots.
This anorak is perfection! perfect weight, color, and the style is super easy to wear. i found this to fit true to size and not oversized at all. i'm 5"3, 130lbs, 32d with an average build/frame and i took a size small. i can comfortably wear a long sleeved shirt underneath or even a thin sweater. i think xs would have been too tight in the shoulders/bust. it fits perfectly and i love the inner drawstrings that you can pull to give it a little more shape. i got this during the 30% off promo!
I love this top! the top has nice details and is not too sheer. it did have a smell at first but that's gone now.
Perfect fit and i've gotten so many compliments. i buy all my suits from here now!
This is a subtle, classy shirt. i'm 5'7, 122 lbs and an xs fit perfectly. shirts like these, that don't fit snugly on my back cover my poor posture (genetic) and make me look like i am standing up straight. nice!
I am a petite person with broad shoulders and got this in a size small. i absolutely love it! it is similar to how it looks online but is even better in person. you could wear this with just about anything. so glad i bought it.
This is an awesome bra! it has a reinforced cup underneath (although not an underwire), which i like. i was a little worried that it'd be huge, as i'm on the smaller side of the natori 36b in other bras, but it fits well and seems like it would accommodate b or c cup ladies. the lace is pretty and it is well made. i want more colors!
I tried on this skirt in stores and loved it. the only thing is, i'm usually a 2 or a 26 and had to buy a 6. for reference, i'm 5' 7 and about 120 pounds. if you want to tuck a light sweater or really anything in, i'd recommend you go up a size as well!
I ended up ordering this in a petite online after trying it on in store. i found the regular length to be a bit too long and flowy and i preferred it to be more tailored. it's very cute and on trend. can't wait to wear it with some dark flare jeans!
This is a great casual skirt, i ordered the 0p or xs petite and it fit perfectly. both colors are nice, i don't think i could choose though i do have a taupe skirt, so leaning towards the slate color. the fit is also flattering, waist is snug, but not tight. the fabric is soft, could wear in the fall or even winter with tights. i recommend... (115 lbs, 26.5 in waist)
Like most of the other reviewers, i agree this skirt runs quite small. i had to size up 2 sizes. the waist is quite small (but there are parts that are elasticized (nicely hidden)) and the skirt flares nicely and maintains a structured yet flowing drape. i bought the skirt in both colors and it looks great both with and without the tie. i think it will work nicely year round, too.
Love this skirt! the material is so soft and flowy, but holds a nice a-line shape. i do agree with the other reviewers that this does run a bit small. i am a 26" waist and purchased a 4... and i could probably have considered sizing up to the 6 easily as well.
I love the colors. originally purchased a large for my broad shoulders and it was too big and too long for 5'4". exchanged it for a petit medium and it fits great. will have to wait for cooler days to wear it since it is a heavy cotton and the weather is still very hot intexas.
Really pretty top. very different colors and style = nothing like anything i have. delivered in timely manner. highly recommend.
Love this skirt! i did have to get one size larger than usual but the length was perfect on me and i love the color (i got the slate).can be dressed up or down.
Saw this in my local and retailer store and had to have it! well made and easy to dress up for down. perfect with a light weight shirt tucked in for summer and early fall. i recommend sizing up one size.
I bought this skirt in my local store when it first came out. i have to say it is one of my best retailer purchases ever. fits beautifully. works with a tee, tank, denim shirt, and more! i get so many compliments every time i wear it. will be wearing for many summers to come! runs tts. i am 5'10", 155 pounds and the 8 fit perfectly. it is not too short for work, but my legs do need to be tan to wear it.
Such a cute skirt. it has a touch of whimsy with this tropical flare that makes me feel pretty. it fits well and it is true to size.
My review is of the "black motif" (no longer listed online, but i saw a bunch in the clearance sock bin at the georgetown dc store, today, 12/27/2015).  i love beautiful and unique socks! so i thought i'd give these a chance. i like them so much that i bought 3 more pairs of the exact same sock now that they're on sale!  two things i noticed... the way the sock is knit, when you put it on, it no longer has a matte black look in the black areas. it is sort of a stretched, slightly two-tone look.
These are the best jeans ever! never wore pilcros before and only ordered them because they were on sale. so glad i did! now i'm hooked!
I gave this top 5 stars for the embroidery and fit around the chest/shoulders. i wish this top was a little longer as the xsmall was just too short. (i'm 5'6" and run long-waisted.) the small fit better in length...the way it does on the model.
I am so glad that i got this sweater.it is just perfect!
Skirt fits true to size, i bought a regular size 2 even though im only 5 feet because i didnt want it too short. the size was perfect as it hit right above the knee. bold, vibrant color and great quality! also very unique, which is what i look for at ahtro. recommend, give it a shot!
After a rough day at the office, i went into my local retailer to seek out some retail therapy. i stumbled upon this skirt and knew i had to try it on. though it's more than i normally like to spend, it was well worth the price. material is lightweight and comfortable yet substantial enough for work. fit is spot on (i have wider hips and a smaller waist, which typically makes me a size 12 and that's what i bought). the color is a gorgeous mustard yellow that can be paired with all sorts of colors,
With a skirt so vibrant, it's hard not to feel happy wearing it. i tried this on in store, following a spring fashion show. while i usually need petite sizes for length/proportion purposes (i'm 5'4, slender build), the regular size 2 was a great fit and length. any shorter and it may have taken a bit of the elegance away from the skirt (and i don't necessarily mind a shorter length, but this was beautiful as it was). the price is a bit steep, but the quality of the material justifies it. the one
It's absolutely beautiful! it's a bit more than what i want to pay for a skirt but it's worth every penny. i'm a true size 4, 130 lbs and 5'4" and it fits perfect. very versatile.
I have a gala to attend next weekend and can't wait to wear this beautiful cape. i'm a big fan of nanette lepore clothing and this cape does not disappoint. it is absolutely beautiful....chic and elegant.
I love this skirt for so many reasons!  one, it isn't a circle skirt, per se, which is good. i am hip heavy and don't need extra volume at my hips. so while it's called a circle skirt, the description states that it's a-line. based on that, i was willing to risk it. also, i am 55 and tend to stay away from above the knee dress and skirt lengths (just my personal preference). although i am only 5'2" i ordered the regular size 10 for the extra length and it's exactly at my knee; perfect for me.
Beautiful skirt! dress up or down! colors are lovely and enable one to wear many different tops. lightweight. perfect for casual or summertime work.
To be honest, i bought this sweater as an add-on so i could get free shipping; however, it's the only piece i actually kept from the order! this sweatshirt is warm (fleece-lined) and just the right amount of billow. but the best part is the subtle lavender color; when i ordered it, i didn't even realize i ordered lavender (again, i wasn't paying much attention to this piece!), but the color and texture are so soft...definitely a must buy! for reference, i am 5'3, 110 pounds and the xs (my usual
I love these socks so much! i ordered the beige and red pair with the polar bear design and they are my new favorite socks. these are comfy, with great stretch and just the right amount of cushion. however, the best feature is the cute little frill around the cuff! i want to order more, but i don't care for the other designs as much as the pair i ordered. instead, i will be keeping an eye on this brand to see what they come out with next!
I tried on an 8 and a 10 and both worked perfecto. the 10 had just a tiny bit more room to tuck in a shirt with.
I'm 5'3, i ordered the petite (nice to have this option), the length/volume doesn't overwhelm me as some kimonos do. this feels more like a fall-season kimono due to the fabric content. it is not a wispy fabric, there's weight and some stiffness to the drape, you can see on the model how the fabric stands away from her body. it's a different look from silky feeling kimonos that hug the body. a rich blend of blue, black, white, subtle tan, maybe some silver grey - hard to tell, the colors look li
Had been eyeing this for a while. print is beautiful in person, just as pictured. tts fit (size 8, 5'7", 150#, pear shaped). comes within a couple inches of my knees so long enough to wear to work.
Fabulous colors, great fabric, super comfy and extremely versatile. i love, love, love this skirt. although i'm only 5'1", the regular 2 was still above my knee so it might be a bit short for really tall gals. the waistband is a bit wide, but with a cropped top or tying a button down as shown, i found it very flattering. love the texture of the fabric and the slightly retro print and it doesn't seem to wrinkle (after getting out the original packaging creases). it honestly goes with everything a
I love this cozy and comfy top. it is oversized as the name says and implies - but i normally wear an xs in most retailer tops and i chose to get a small - and i'm glad i did. it is boxy and oversized - but also short. the small is perfect for me and it really feels so cozy as is - and big enough to wear a tee or tank under it and not fee clingy.
As a texas girl growing up with cheap hand embroidered tops from mexico - this is a treat and takes that style to a new level. quality fabric and workmanship in a unique sleeveless design! perfection.
Aside from the beautiful colors what drew me to this skirt is the wide waistband! i love that it can hold in a bit of a tummy and accommodate a belt (or not). when i received this in the mail a few days ago i immediately started pulling articles of clothing out of my closet to go with the skirt - a striped tee, chambray top, belt, denim jacket. the quality is great and it has pockets. i have a 30" waist and went with my usual size 8. i am 5'5" and ordered a petite. so it hits a couple inches abo
After reading the reviews, i decided to size up to a m (instead of a small). so glad i did - the arms are a tad long, but other than that it fits perfectly. love this in yellow :).
I love this skirt. i usually don't buy skirts of this cut because they make me look hippy. but the fabric is so lightweight and flowing, and yet it has structure. the colors are great and go with many top options. i wear it to work and casual outings. it is my favorite clothing article in my closet right now.
This skirt is perfection. i am 5'8 130ibs and the 2 fit perfect. the picture does not even do it justice. it is much more softer than i thought it would be. in the picture it seems stiff looking but that is not the case at all. can't wait to wear this skirt for the summer. you can dress it up with a nice blouse and heels or keep it casual with a relaxed tee and sandals. i will defiantly get a lot of use out of this piece!
It's a sweatshirt that isn't typically sweatshirt looking. first, it's spacedye. then there's the hi-lo hem. it's mock neck and it's wide neck. sleeves are low and cocoon-y. it's oversize in looks but not overwhelming. i love that i can throw this on over jeans or leggings, step into a pair of flats or trainers, whip my hair up into a bun and head out without looking too sloppy.
This is a super cute tank- fits good, flowy and airy which is exactly what i had in mind for summer. fits good.
This sweater is a great, comfy fall or winter sweater. in several of the pictures the neck is folded down, so beware that the neck has a bit of a turtleneck/mock neck look to it. it can be folded down if that's not the look you're going for. cute sweater!
I love everything about this top. it is high volume and looks good with either a skinny pant or a structured voluminous pant. very sharp, but feminine and frilly look. i love the juxtaposition.
Love this top. comfy, soft, and a great length. slightly longer in the back, and works great with leggings or jeans. i love that is has long sleeves. i wish it came in more colors.
Just grabbed this today! great find. i paired it with a white blouse with blue polka dots....will pair with anything though, with great neutral colors. white or blue jean jackets, sweaters....the skirt has a little stretch for my hourglass figure, but would work with any type body i think. a many season skirt, perfect for traveling.
I got this for my daughter (teen) who had been wanting this plaid look but didn't want to look like a lumberjack! this is feminine and can be dressed up or down. it has the high low look that she loves and it is comfortable and machine washable! she will get a lot of use out of this purchase! new item but black friday discount! yay! purchased in red color.
I wore this dress for my small winter wedding and it was perfect! i thought it ran a little large though because i had to return it 2 times to get the right size! once i got the right size it fit perfectly. i loved the champagne color and shine.
Very flattering dress in a comfortable material. the cut is perfectly placed. this is very long. i'm 5'11 and in flats this touches the floor. easily dressed up or down with the tight accessories.
If you are on the shorter side, do with the petite size. i ordered both (at first, petite was sold out) so glad i got to get it. i looked lost in the regular size, the back length was well below my bum. both colors are really nice, but i did end up with the orange one, more "dressy", red one looked more calsual (though it is a casual shiryt, i had on trousers, and hte orange looked nice with them).
I love this shirt. it is great quality and hangs perfectly! please make more colors in this one. i would buy all of them!!
I bought this shirt because i needed something lighter to where in autumn and needed to layer. i wasn't expecting so much out of a tshirt. the material is great. it's comfy and oh so flattering on any figure. i ordered the green one, and it was greener in person than online, but a very lovely color. it layers great, and is longer than expected. almost dress length. i'm not a tights wearer, but it would definitely go great with tights or leggings, and it worked fabulously under a wrap. great prod
Love this top! a new take on traditional flannel. yes it is pricey for flannel, yes it is not thick like a traditional flannel shirt but it is feminine, sexy, comfortable....even my husband liked it on me. i ordered a regular small, wish i would've went for a petite x-small, however they are sold out. regardless i am keeping :-) for reference i am 5'3, 110-115 and the small is definitely roomy.
Great top - i have both colors. because the front is 'short' i ordered a medium. i usually wear a small. if you are not long waisted, like me, order the small.
This is an amazing looking skirt. it has such an exciting pattern on it and is very flattering. it is very light weight though....almost flimsy. but...it is not a deal breaker. i wear it and love it!
I took a chance on this in green, extra small (one size smaller than my normal size) because that was all that was left and i thought i could wear it under another sweater. no, it's too awesome to waste as a liner. it's the most amazing cut and fabric. it so flattering and so soft.  please bring back this top!!!!
I love this for a casual winter day. the fabric is so soft. the draping gives it a unique look. so cozy and nice. it's a bit big, though. opt to size down.
This is a gorgeous buttondown. the colors are stunning - i love the mix of blue and brown. the fabric is super soft and drapes just right. i feel the this shirt runs true to size. i'm an xxs petite and it fit perfect. this one is a winner!
Got this top in the blue/orange plaid. its super cute and i love the style much better than your typical straight button down plans shirt. i highly recommend it!
My favorite for work or going out. the perfect black shirt.
At first, i thought that this sweater would be too thin and show any imperfections, but it doesn't. the vertical ribbing really gives it a slimming effect and it is a perfect lightweight cover up that goes with pretty much anything.
This is an amazingly soft and gorgeous sweater. i typically avoid this brand because most of their pieces run smaller on my frame however this not only fit perfect but it is a beautiful color as well! i prefer transitional pieces that can be worn multiple seasons and this one is just right.
This sweater is much prettier in person than in the picture. the colors are soft and feminine. medium fit me perfectly. this is the soft, cuddly sweater i have been looking for.
This is a great top. i love how it's loose and hangs away from my body but is banded at the bottom so it isn't shapeless. the tie at the neck is cute and gives it some personality.  i usually bounce between a s or xs. i tried the xs in the store but ordered the s.
I love this top! fits great n is elegant. great for the workplace n a night out. absolutely beautiful! quality fabric. love love love!
I love this shirt! lightweight and versatile! perfect for all seasons
Love this shirt! looks great with a pair of black work slacks or with jeans. very flattering with the banded hem, and the material is soft.
Great fit
Crazy soft and comfy.  light weight so will be great for spring/ summer and layering.  so happy i bought it.
If you're looking for a sweater that's super soft and comfortable, you've found it! you could wear this almost anywhere except for a dressy occasion, but then, of course, you wouldn't wear it with a dress anyway. i wish it came in other colors because i'd buy several. it's on the thin side but not too thin. the only thing that i should mention is that it's not a black black but more of a faded or brownish black which is really obvious with black leggings or jeans.
From the images, it looks like a basic black cardigan. look again because it's a beautiful fabric and can be dressed up or down. i'm 5"1 and always wear an xsmall at retailer however i thought it to wear over other articles vogue clothing i'd size up. it fits perfect i did an xsmall petite and couldn't be happier
This top fits perfect everywhere except the sleeves are a little tight. not uncomfortably so but i wish they had just a little more room so they looked like they did in the picture. other than that, i love this shirt! its super cute and comfy and i have gotten a few compliments on it!
I got these in gray and ultimately returned them only because i already have a similar pair of pants. they fit true to size and the quality is fantastic. i usually do poorly with pants that zip on the side because of my small frame, but i had no problem with these at all. i may go after the other colors!
The tie neck is super on trend. this will go great under a jacket or cardi. it's a keeper.
This blouse is so pretty! i love the neck tie which gives it interest and won't look boring on it's own. i'll wear this all-year round. i ordered an xxs which fits perfect.
I ordered an extra small. it fits with both a humble tee and a button down with the sleeves rolled up. i've tried it with jeans and also joggers and heels. really a cute and versatile sweater. i got the olive but can see where the black might be more universally useful. this one works perfectly for me, however
Love this top! love that it ia jersey knit which makes it comfortable. love the print which makes it stand out. love the design of a side bow. i did not have an issue with the banded hem, in fact i like how it makes the top more structured.
Really cute skirt, love that it has hidden pockets in the front. ended up just being a bit too wide on me. can't size down as fits everywhere else. will look great on someone, just not me! order true to size, fits great.
I have a few pair of charlie's and one thing i really like about them is their consistent fit. i own this pair in both the orange and gray, bought both in my normal 4. they will stretch so if they are a little snug at try on don't size up. definitely recommend these pants.
I got the moss color in this cardigan. i'm not sure why these aren't sold out because it is pretty amazing! it is super soft and is a cute addition to a casual outfit. i would say that for this price it's definitely worth the buy!
Ordered in the orange and they are so cute i had to order the other two colors. my normal size 12 fit tts. i am happy with the fabric, fit and color. i have an athletic build and had no issues with the side zip, waist, hip or thighs.
This tunic is a wonderfully updated look. it's cinched just a tad at the waist which gives it a great line. i paired it with a pair of citizens of humanity crop jeans. terrific look!!
I love charlie pants. i've bought a few in the past, and i've never been disappointed with quality, style, or fit. i love the side zip on these and the nice flat front as a result. i wish more pants were side zip- so much more flattering. i got these in a 4, my usual size, and the fit is perfect. i also got these in the regular, rather than petite, but the length works just fine for my height. i bought these in the grey stripe, but like them so much i think i'll order another pair in the orange.
Although i haven't worn it yet, it is very soft and functional. i will watch how i wash it so it stays that way.
I love this top! i debated between an xs and a s, but i'm usually an xs in deletta so that's what i got. it fits perfectly and is beautiful.
Ordered this dress online and hoped for the best, because there wasn't a size chart to reference. i'm usually in between a size small and a medium, i ordered the size small and it fit well. for a more flowy look i would have gone with the medium. everything about this dress is soft, i love it! even the ribbon is delicate, soft and made of quality material. the lining feels like heaven.   this dress goes to the floor on me - i'm 5' 7" - i was expecting it to be more mid ankle length, but i sti
Soft pretty socks. a little big if you have smaller feet. i'm a size 7.5, and they are a tad too big but still comfortable.
After reading the reviews, stating that this dress was a tent and only fit for the tall and small chested, i kind of had a battle of wills in my head over ordering it. it is very "me," but me is also 5'5, curvy, and possessing a 36g bust. i had to post a review, because i received the dress today, and i actually love it. i ordered a 16 and i love the fit. i know it's flowy, but on me, it's far from tent-like. i think it's great now as a pre-fall piece with some sandals and a jean jacket, and as
Agree with other reviewers the jacket is better in person than on model very nice jacket model does it no justice
This is seriously a beautiful dress. it has such gorgeous colors. it's lined so no slip needed. it is flowy and just the right length. i went with a petite and it is perfect.. can't wait to use it at the beach.
Love this shirt. i can dress it up or down. great fit
I am not a model shape but this dress looked so light and beautiful i had to try it. it wasn't available in my local store so i risked it and ordered online. i'm 5'6" and about 175 lbs; the medium fits perfectly. i will say that the skirt fabric comes much more sharply pleated than it looks in the photos, maybe this hangs out/mellows over time. the lining to the knee is going to be great for warm summer days. can wear to work with a shrug and some flats or to a summer wedding. the pattern is bea
This dress is very cute and screams summer. the stripped skirt adds dimension. true maxi length. effortless and fun!
A perfectly fun pant for a gray or sunny, winter day. i like the longer length, to the ankle on me, pairing with my kate spade black sabina combat boots and a eileen fisher black cashmere, boxy, cropped sweater. another fun option is to pull out the pink accent in the pant with a pink camisole under a black sweater. the fabric weight is good for winter, they do feel a little itchy at first but it's not noticeable after wearing them a short while.
I love this blazer. its perfect for work, and makes a great statement.
When i received this dress i was surprised by the weight of the fabric. it's not as light and gauzy as the photos appear, and it is fully lined. it's more substantial in a good way. also i had thought it would be more of a straight cut but it's definitely a swing which i prefer. with the lining, it does stand out a bit from your body so it's not a clingy look at all. i like it a lot but i don't think it fits the way you would expect from the photo. it's roomy, i could probably have sized down. i
I found this dress to be a perfect flowy fit for the super-hot tail end of summer. this definitely is not a form fitting dress, but i bought my regular size medium (size 6) and think it fits perfectly. i have a pretty small chest and find that sometimes these a-line dresses look better if you don't have a lot on top making them "tent out". just my opinion. personally do not think it has an abundance of fabric. in fact, it is a lot less roomy than a lot of others in this cut due to the embroidery
I chose this dress for my engagement photoshoot and i'm so glad i did! it is beyond beautiful, my favorite dress ever!
I usually wear a 4, but ordered a 2 & 0 because of the previous reviews. the 2 fit perfectly. the 0 was too snug across the shoulders. both sizes were the same length and width except the shoulders.the material is beautiful and seems very well made. i am thrilled with this purchase.it looks exactly like the photo.
This tank caught my eye when it first came out couple of months ago, love the colors and the embroidery especially. the colors on top beautifu and it will complement any skin tone and the bottom is neutral so that this top will go with any bottom. this flows too goes great with skinny jeans and flats or put a strappy heels on and it's perfect for evening outings.
This dress is so different from any you normally see and its gorgeous. the blue on bottom is actually a much brighter blue in person than in the pictures on the site. the dress pleats along every blue line, so when you walk, it's as if the dress changes colors with every movement. it's fully lined so nothing shows underneath and it's just really beautiful. i also like how the back opens, but not all the way down, so you can wear a strapless bra without the back showing.  but the sizing was a bi
I completely agree with the other reviewers this top is easy to throw on with jeans or trousers and so comfy! i'm 5'3 with a 34ddd chest and i ordered in my normal medium which looks fantastic. and if i wanted to i think i could have sized down for a more form flattering look but i love the ease of this top.
Love the simple, casual elegance of this coat. i especially love the colors, grey & beige, because it looks great with my grey jeans as well as my dressier beige pants. i will get a lot of use from this coat.
Beautiful dress! wanted something different. even bought the hat ! very flattering.
Just bought this in the store a couple days ago and wore it for the first time today. love the embroidery detail and i feel that the colors are more vibrant in person. i typically wear a 2 in most retailer tops but i got a 0 in this and it is great - seems to be a generous fit. the slits on the sides do come up a bit high, but i wore a cami underneath since it is sheer and the slits were not an issue with it. looks great with jeans. it is a great transitional piece for the fall as i'm sure i will
Just got this and i haven't taken it off all night.  i feels like lounge wear, but is so cute and works with heels or flats.  throw a necklace on, a nice scarf or a jacket and dress it up for going out.  it looks exactly like the picture and fits true to size.  i will get a lot of use out of this piece for spring and summer.  nothing is better than something that feels like pjs but looks so stylish!!
This dress is absolutely beautiful! i wore it in my engagement photos and it is so flowy and so beachy. you can dress it up or down and it's very comfortable as well. unfortunately, it got ocean water on it in my photos, so i took it to the dry cleaners and they lost it :-( hopefully it will come back in stock and i can buy it again. it is easily my favorite dress i have owned in quite some time. for tall people - it may be too short to wear with anything but flats. i'm 5'6" and wore sandals and
This is a very flattering top. i'm pretty flat-chested & this top doesn't look too bad. i love the subtle peplum - it makes it a bit dressy. i'm 5'4", 112 lbs & got the xs.
Love this top, you can really fess up, i ordered in a small i am 5 7 and 154 pounds
I usually wear size 4 for dress, but this is the first time ever i have to go down to size 0, and it fits perfectly. well made, maybe a bit stiff around armholes, nothing major. i love the length as i don't like to show my knees. great color combinations, although this supposed to be a summer dress, it looks great for fall, just need to add a jacket, a pair of boots and i'm good to go, feeling pretty!
Runs true to size, with allowance for some bulky clothing underneath for those cool fall days. definitely not meant for winter - so don't plan on this for freezing cold days. the bottom falls nicely over the hips and the color is vibrant and adds some life to any outfit.
Very much in love with this ethereal, delicate dress. the silk is very light and slightly clingy, so take caution when wearing. the belt can be adjusted as modeled or you can get creative as there is length the play with. the liner finishes above the knee on me in medium petite. those of slender torsos and small busts may want to size down, otherwise tts. for reference i am 5'3" 36dd 140#
For reference i am 5'5 about 140lb, typically wear a size 6. luckily they had it in-store around me so i as able to try it on. i read the reviews and first tired on a size down, but it still didn't look quite right on me. i was daring and tried on another size down, and i'm glad i did! there is no lie that it runs large! it's a beautiful dress and heavy enough to wear into the fall! i will say it does still have a little "tenty" shape to it, but it's just the style of the dress.
Fully lined until just above the knee, silk exterior, rayon lining. can dress it up or down. very lightweight and cool-feeling. this is a beautiful dress. i'm 5'9 and it fit great-- shorter people might need to alter it. i tried it on in the store and felt like a princess, but am hoping it goes on sale.
This dress drapes very well and is flattering to many different body shapes. the colors give it the flexibility to wear from summer into fall. gorgeously designed!
Love, love, love this silk dress. i feel classic retailer is back! perfect for hot and steamy summer days. . just a few photos of the back, which has the belt band sewn in kind of high so that it can be wrapped through the side loops, grecian style. for some reason, in the online back photo, the model is wearing the dress backwards.  . i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37 or 38 hips, narrow shoulders and torso, bra size 28dd/30d/32c. i tried on the size 2 regular which is the only one i found in the s
I bought this dress as a surprise for my daughter. she was very happy with it.
As the previous reviewer stated, this wrap is over sized but that is the style. the knit is soft and dense and the metallic accents are subtle and lovely. this is an heirloom piece that will last for many, many years.
This top is great under a blazer for work, can be tucked into a skirt and looks great with jeans.necklaces work great with this neckline unless they are short. the sea green is wonderful! i like the snug armholes but may be a problem for some. my hips are larger than my bust so i had to be convinced to try this on and i'm glad i was overruled. i am a small or medium in retailer tops and i got a small.
Love love love this mock tank!!! goes fabulous with everything! it's flows nicely the mock neck looks fantastic! you can probably go one size down.
Such a great classic top! very flattering! can be worn all year. i bought it in grey but think i'll need it in other colors!
I ordered the size xl and it fits me as it does on the model. it's true to size. it is made of a scratchier material but is still comfortable to wear. definitely needs a tank/cami underneath. i love the vintage look. it's worn well & washed well too. i'd love to see more versions in this same style. i'll get good use out of this in the summer and then will layer cardigans over it in the fall.
Love the rushed sleeves, and the flower pattern on the side. t shirt is, however, a little thin, hence a bit sheer. but i loved it nonetheless... i saw the loose fit and decided ot order a size down (xxs petite) ad it is so flattering. going to keep it as i don't think petite is going to make it to sale... i think it will look very cute with my denim pencil skirt, jeans or other pants for casual days!
This t shirt is very beautiful. i absolutely love it. it is soft and flattering and gorgeous - perfect for work or play. i washed it in gentle cycle cold water. i meant to hang to dry but somehow it got in the dryer with towels. i was heart sick when i saw it in a crumpled ball. but it did not shrink nor wrinkle. wow!
I usually get a large in tops that don't come in tall due to my long torso. thanks to the reviews on this one, i got the white top in a medium.  the medium fit perfectly.   it looked just like it does on the model and not like a maternity top at all.  the material is thick enough that the white wasn't see through.  i paired it with some crop skinny pants and a statement necklace and received many compliments on it.  the top is a little bland and needs some kind of jewelry to really make it.  oth
Love this top, i would have bought two but the grey is sold out in my size. very comfortable and true to size.
Great cut, super flattering! it does run a little big in my opinion though. i'm usually a medium/size 8 and i had to get a small.
This is a very comfortable top -versatile in that you can dress it up or down. i'm happy with it!
This top is my new favorite. i ordered it on a whim, and oh boy am i glad!! i was so excited for it to be shipped to me, and once it arrived i couldn't wait to put it. once i put it on, i couldn't wait to show it off! it is such a great bluish-grayish color and looks great with some big hoop earrings, shorts, and sandals. such an easy, classic, simple shirt that i will probably wear too much.
I purchased this tee in the neutral motif. i love it, it is comfortable and it's linen (my favorite fabric) it drapes well and the birds on branches with blossoms and fruit on the side are a beautiful understated touch.
My husband saw this in the store while shopping with me and asked me to try it on. i don't normally go for patterns like this, but i thought it was cute and springy.  i tried on a large first, since i prefer to cover my belly and allow for my broad shoulders. (i'm tall, big boned and 175 pounds) the large actually stuck out funny at the bottom and didn't do much for my shape.  the medium, however was great! it was long enough to hide my belly and cover enough of my waistband that i wouldn't
I bought all 3 colors and couldn't be happier. love the cut, fabric, and colors. the fabric is light enough to wear in the hot summer of charleston, sc but not so light that you can see thru it. i love flowing tops in the summer that don't stick to you and this cut does that and is flattering as well. i've already work with shorts and a skirt. both looked great. easy to accessorize.
This shirt is beautiful.its very light weight and great summer tee. don't hesitate to buy this, you won't be disappointed.i usually don't buy t-shirts that are quite this pricey, but i knew it might not last till it went on sale.runs a bit large and since it is linen, it will likely stretch a bit.(i have not worn it yet)
This tee is so cute and well constructed. it's not a fabric that's going to wrinkle and pill eventually which i love. it runs tts and i like that it's thin but not to sheer that i need a camisole - just a nude bra!
I saw this in my local store and i fell in love with the bird pattern flowing down the right side of the shirt. for me, i bought the xs and the fit was great. i usually take a true s. the sleeves have a pulled stitching running down them and the top has nice shaping and flare to it. it is a wonderful little tee! the fabric is linen and not as soft as cotton but in this case it is not an issue as the tee does not cling to you.
This top was a great find! it has a beautiful print on the front and goes perfect with my olive green shorts, capris, and pants! it is slightly sheer but not so much as to need a cami underneath. fits true to size. i love it!
I really like this top. while it looks somewhat like just a t-shirt, it is not. the fabric is light and soft, it has a great texture feel, it dioes not feel like a regular cotton shirt. the print is lovely. i am very pleased.
I was unsure about this top at first because of reviews saying "maternity"and this shirt can have that feel if you look at it from that point. i tried it again and the arm holes fit perfectly. it has a swing cut and a peplum style which brings lots of fabric and swing. it's not that it runs big it's supposed to swing/flow from body like many styles but the peplum adds bulk because it's a little thicker fabric. so i can see how some may think maternity because of all the fabric and cut, but i lov
Listen up gals - buy every color before they disappear!!! this top is amazing. so flattering, incredible fabric, the colors are divine and the price is amazing! i am not one who wears peplum tops often if ever. a coworker of mine spotted this one in our store and told me as soon as i came in. i'm curvy - generally a l or xl on top and i have hips and a toosh. peplums can often either sit on my hips in an unflattering way, or look like a maternity top on me. this one is magic. hits a big longer,
I ordered this top in the pretty, sea glass green color. it is adorable on! it's constructed from a nice thick cotton and has a billowy swing look if you are into that, which i am. the cut of the neckline gives it a cool 60's vibe. my only issue is that the arm holes are cut small. also note that because of the wider neckline, i found putting a necklace on squashed it in a strange way. i'm still keeping it because it is awesome in every other aspect. most likely i will just jazz it up with fun e
I tried the "neutral motif" one on when it first came out. i didn't buy but it stayed on my mind b/c the colors were so pretty. i got it at sale on sale and am so happy i did! it is sheer but i think it would work fine in a casual setting without a tank as long as you have a skin tone bra. great buy and tts.
I have worn this beautiful and super comfy top a number of times since i purchased it. it can be casual or add a long necklace and dress it up. super versatile!!
I love this dress! it's so flattering and the length is perfect for me now that above the knee dresses are no longer flattering.
5'7 145# (athletic) 34c. as info, got my usual m and this is everything the previous reviewers have said. the sleeves run long, a bit bunchy at the wrists & cuffing makes them look normal length . maybe it could be just the one i've received & i know its a tie waist, but when i move it opens as if the body is a tad small. it does fit like the photo but opens with ordinary movement. pull it tighter & double-knot it you say? it only reinforced my belief that i needed to size up. i re-ordered in a
The textured marled stripes on this top are so soft and give this pullover the edge it needs. a few people have asked me where i bought this from and i've only worn it twice. fits like the photo- i'm 5'2" 115lbs and bought the xs.
I love this sweater! the wool is soft and not itchy. it can be worn tied in the front as shown or tied in the back. pretty embrodering and very flattering.
I really love this sweater. it is very flattering-especially in the back. and the color is very versatile so it can compliment virtually anything. the tie does not go all the way around the waste which took me a little getting used to, but it is not a problem for me. it is comfortable and keeps to the quality of other boiled wool products. just be careful washing it, i washed mine on hand cycle which is usually fine for everything-even cashmere. but this one didn't survive it. lesson learned, an
Size up!!! this dress is great quality and so flattering but tight in the arms and chest. ordered in my usual xs and will regretfully need to return it.
This is a great white dress for summer.  i tried on a 4 in store and it was too big for me especially in the underarm area. when i tried on the 2, it fit perfectly. i almost felt like there should be a 3, ha ha, because it felt like it made more of a difference to downsize than i expected. that being said, i took the 2 home since it looked like it was tailored to fit my body (but not in a super tight way).  fyi, i'm not super curvy. if you have a larger chest you may need your regular size.
This top is delicate and so feminine. it is beautiful. does run small. i had to size up. i'm usually a 6-8 m and had to buy l. it has no stretch.  so i needed room for movement.
This is beautiful. it can serve as a sweater or a coat and i can't wait to start wearing it.
The dress is exactly as pictured. i bought it for work and it is perfect. the lining is the entire length of the dress and it hits just at the knee.  i would say it is true to size, however it was a bit tight in my shoulders but i have very broad shoulders.  i received compliments all day and remarked to myself it was so comfortable it was like wearing pajamas!
Second to shopping for a swimsuit, i hate shopping for jeans. so difficult to find a pair that are both comfortable and stylish. the good news is that this pair is both. the length hits slightly below my ankle which is the perfect length for me (i'm 5'5). they are a slim fit with a slight bit of stretch. i ordered the size 27 which is my normal size and they fit perfectly. love the wash for a casual look. wish they also came in a darker wash for a dressier look. all in all, i am quite pleased. w
I bought this dress for my bridal shower. it's beautiful, tts. i usually wear 2/4 in retailer and the small was perfect. i tried on in store and the dress had a few snags and defects. they ordered me one to be delivered to my apt and it was perfect. the back is pretty too!
Great fit and very flattering if you have curves. perfect to throw over just about anything. i've only owned it for 9 days and have worn it four times.
I'm so glad i splurged on this sweater coat! wow! this is the kind of product i come to retailer from! very unique, good quality, flattering, and surprisingly soft! i wore this over a sleeveless dress for a few hours and not only was i very warm, my arms weren't itchy or irritated at all... on the contrary, it was quite comfortable and soft. this is a bit pricey, but i will definitely get good use of it. i found it to run true to size. i typically wear a 6 and ordered a small. my only quibb
I love the dress!  i purchased this dress to wear on my honeymoon to paris.  it made me feel like a princess walking around the gardens of versalles while wearing it!
The fit of these jeans are so great! they look syllish and feel great at the same time. this brand does a fabulous job of creating a jean that feels like you can wear them dressed up and casual. a+
I absolutely love this tunic and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived in the mail. i thought it looked really cute in the photo here, but it's even better in person and is extremely flattering on. so happy.
This dress i received is stylish, comfortable and very nice to wear. i love the length, goes just below the knee and i am 5'2 so it is perfect for me. i can't say enough about this dress as i can't wear a lot of things because i am apple shaped but with this dress no one would ever know. thank you retailer for this beauty!
This top looks elegant with my stirrup pants and feels like heaven it is so soft. fitted at the neck and arms; loose and swingy at the trunk with a beautifully finished hem. the yarn is two-toned heather.
I love the length of the dress and the fun swing the skirt has. the print is wonderful.
It was purchased as a gift but truly amazing! the quality is fantastic and the owner of the sweater is truly happy with it!
This top! i was hesitant to try this on because it felt too busy, however it is a must have. it's just the right amount of lace and detail. i am typically an m in retailer tops (sometimes l depending on the designer; i'm a 32/34ddd). i initially tried a l in this thinking it had no stretch but ended up going with the medium. the arms were a tad tight but stretched slightly after an hour of wear and it fits perfectly everywhere. i think if you size up it will be too "blousy." highly recommend this-
Saturday/sunday never disappoints! love this black cardigan. runs a tad large i noticed in the arm length for me. not a problem anywhere else though. good medium weight to the fabric. durable quality and waist flattering once tied. great for throwing on over a dress, wearing with a t-shirt
This dress is as cute as i hoped it would be. i love the pockets and length and flattering cut. it looks great with boots and is perfect for fall. only con is that it is dry clean only. it seems like the fabric would do just fine with hand washing, and i will probably go for it. i just don't have the patience or organization for dry cleaning.
This is a great cold weather alternative to a coat especially in warmer climates. it is lightweight but dense. love the color.
This sweater is absolutely beautiful. the shape is very flattering both tied in front and in back. the wool is nice and soft and the color is a nice neutral that will pair well with anything. the stitching is a nice added detail that makes this sweater somethig special. it is a great addition to any wardrobe and i'm thrilled that it is part of mine. i can't wait to wear it!
This is perfect! it fits tts. i am usually an 8 and this was spot on. it isn't too short either. it really is as it appears on the model. i absolutely love it and can't wait to wear it. my hubby definitely approved!
I fell in love the first time i saw it. the xs is the perfect fit. i generally wear xs/s or 2 in dresses. its not too snug to wear over a thin to medium thickness sweater. its a good length also, not too long, which i struggle with given my height of 5'3. the s was overall too big. its not itchy, though i've only worn it with long sleeve tops. its just the right weight. not too thin and not too heavy. its feminine and fun. wonderful topper for jeans, pants, or a dress. the color is versatile. sl
This piece is gorgeous in person. it is more of a broen than taupe and goes with everything... it is more of a coat than a sweater. i bought one for my mom, and picked one up for myself when it went on sale. it is moms favorite piece among her extensive retailer collection.
This was my first shot at high-rise bottoms and i love them. the fit is very flattering and the print is adorable. i just bought the bottoms so i can't comment on the top, it looked a bit small for my bust so i am purchasing a solid colored top to match.
This dress is beautiful. even my husband complimented it several times. true to size. due to the button closure in the back, you might have to size up if you are larger in the chest.
This sweater coat caught my attention online, so i went in search for it at my local store. it's a flattering fit, across the chest and shoulders. very well made. the length is mid thigh. i am 5'4" 125lbs. i went with the small, with the thought of wearing nothing too bulky under it. it does have an attached belt, that can easily be knotted together or each on its own for another look, if you opt to leave it open. it's light weight enough for cool days or evenings, but also warm enough for colde
Comfortable, thick material ( think: structured sweatshirt material) easy to throw on and look as if effort was made - when it wasn't. sizing. i'm between a large and xl usually. large was perfect. i'm tall and curvy: ( 36g curvy) and this cardigan/ belted jacket/is very flattering.
I am so in love with this dress. i think it is made of high quality fabric and very well designed. i am 5'6", about 145lbs, 34d and the 4 fit perfectly! i bought it for my upcoming bridal shower and could not be more excited to wear it!!
I've been waiting for this dress to come back in stock and when it finally did i got it in the size 2. i'm typically a 2 or 4 in dresses and the 2 fits perfect. for reference i'm 5'6, 34c, 130lb. i think it runs on a larger size because it's a shift dress. i would recommend sizing down. a great white dress to wear to my rehearsal dinner!
This is one of my favorite purchases ever-from anywhere! one of my new years resolutions was to stop wearing work out clothes all of the time. this is as comfortable as any work out jacket and looks classy. can be dressed up or down. its warm, flattering and unique.
This dress is a staple. if you don't feel like getting too dressed up and want to be comfortable. this is it. will be great for travel as well. i like to pack light. so i look forward to traveling with this dress.
This dress is really lovely. if fits and flows in a very flattering way although it is a bit long (i'm really tall so that's a very nice feature for me :p) it actually feels more linen-y than i expected to which was surprising, (i probably didn't read the product description close enough) but it was a pleasant surprise. can't wait to wear this to brunch/beach parties this summer! fair warning, it's also a little see-through - might want to wear nude underwear ;)
I really love these jeans! this is my second pair of ags and they're so comfortable. i will say that these jeans are super long! i have long legs and it takes a 3 inch lift from my shoes to get them to hit correctly. if you're short, you can expect to get them hemmed. the high waist is great! size down in ag because they tend to stretch and being high waisted they for differently!
I fell in love with this sweater as soon as i saw it in the store. runs tts. the medium fit perfect. i am 5'10, 160lbs. very versatile...can wear with jeans or dress up with all black.
This shirt runs large in my opinion. i wish i would have sized down to a xs but maybe it will shrink a little when i wash it. its a great shirt, good quality and i'm very happy i got it.
I love this dress! i was actually able to fit in a l versus my usual xl due to the style of the dress. a bigger chest person (i'm a d) may not find the dress as well fitting as i do. overall great fit can easily dress it warm with a scarf, boots, hat or best. a great dress for fall-spring
Love love love this dress! the fit is amazing and is slimming. although the lace is delicate looking, it wears well.
Got this for my daughter who lives out of town. i plan on bringing it to her during my next visit. i love it! the style is up to date and pretty. it's a perfect dress for almost any occasion! i'm hoping it will fit her, but the sizing looks right to me and the quality is great!
This dress is very flattering and has wonderful movement, i'm so happy that it went on sale! definitely worth it!
Dress is silk? it's soft and pretty. it's blue so you can wear brown or blue suede boots! i caught my reflection a few times and thought i looked really bottom heavy. dress is awesome. worth it.
Loose fitting and comfortable without losing its shape.  looks great on. the tie in front adds to the dress.   i love to wear with tan knee-high boots.
Good quality and design. perfect for casual office. definitely recommend. i don't know why it's called a cardigan because it's more like a casual blazer. note there is no button- just the tie to close. runs big. i'm 5'8'' 130# ordered the xs and it's roomy.
I just got this after ordering online and i was pleasantly surprised. the cardigan has the structure of a lightweight jacket, so it creates a flattering silhouette. i ordered it in a medium, and even though i'm curvy on top it fits really nicely.
Love this jacket! the sleeves are a little big/loose but it's not quite as flattering as it could be, but it's so comfy it's worth it! great quality.
I don't know what took me so long to pull the trigger on this item...probably because it wasn't in my store for very long so i didn't try it on in person. i decided to order this based upon the reviews, and i was immediately obsessed. this cardigan is magical. i first wore it to work with black trousers and a plain crewneck t-shirt underneath with a bib necklace, and everybody in my office thought i was wearing the cutest blazer. i had all the ladies come feel it to prove it in fact feels like a
Bought this today and i'm in love!! very flattering, great fit!
Really cute dress and i cannot wait to wear it for my wedding rehearsal dinner. the buttons on the back are my favorite part about the dress since they add something different. it fits tts, but it is more fitted than a regular shift dress, which is nice. i am 5'9, 145 pounds, and the size 6 fit me perfectly.
I bought this in the store and it is beautiful, the red is more of a faded red/burnt orange, not as bright as pictured, which is great. i am usually an xs or s and was a s in this item.
I read the online reviews that the dress ran large so ordered size 6 and 8. i'm normally an 8 or 10, and the 6 fit perfectly. dress hangs beautifully and lining is really soft. appears that it will wrinkle somewhat easily but i am keeping it anyway since it's so beautiful. the bell sleeves are really cute! i highly recommend the dress.
I passed this sweater a few times during a recent visit to retailer. after striking out on several items i thought would work, i grabbed this sweater in the cream color. i loved it as soon as i put it on! it is meant to be oversized, which i love. the neck is chunky and looks good open or buttoned all the way to make a loose turtleneck. looks great with skinny jeans and booties. i went with my usual xs. great purchase!
Totally love this sweater - everything about it i find to match the model pics (fit, color, length). no dry cleaning required on this one, so i plan to get other colors to wear with leggings and skinnies fall through winter. i love that this is oversized without looking frumpy - it does have some shape to it and the knit falls perfects (not a heavy/chunky sweater...think soft mid-weight that you can layer with). worth full price!
Beautiful flowing feminine dress. runs large; size down. hot pink color. well made.
This sweater is a must have for fall!! super comfy yet stylish fit make it fun to dress up or down. i plan on wearing it with leggings and high boots!
I tried this sweater on in the store, regretted not purchasing it, and ended up buying it online. the fabric is soft, seems to be good quality, and hangs nicely. i purchased the taupe color and it is a rich, pretty color.
Bought these a week ago at full price to take on vacation. love them i see they are now 1/2 price if they came in a different color would get a second pair
I love this dress. i am usually a size 4, but ordered this in size 0 and it fits perfect! great for any season, and can dress up or dress down. the pink is the perfect shade - i feel like i'm elle woods!
I just received this dress tried it on. i totally fell in love with it . the pink is just beautiful.it's a little big so i will definitely will be exchanging it for a size 14 . you would absolutely love this dress.
I bought this stylish and cozy sweater in ivory. i find that cable knit sweaters tend to add bulk, but this sweater creates a long, lean look. it looks great with leggings and skinny jeans, and the buttons on the cowl are a fun detail. every time i wear this, i get compliments on it.
I love this skirt! fits like a dream, fabric is soft, light, and drapes perfectly. i bought the skewed pullover to wear with it and the colors are perfect. my new favorite summer outfit.
This is a beautiful dress! the photos do not do it justice - the pink is gorgeous! it's also very comfortable but runs large. i'm usually a 6 or an 8 but purchased a 4.
Saw this on sale and tried it, not expecting anything and wound up loving it. i am 5'4 and it covers my thighs and rear well so i can wear it with leggings. it came mid thigh on me. the red is a rich burnt orange/red. i love that is is mostly cotton so i won;t get overheated.
I purchased this piece in store in a size small, ivory. i am usually a size medium but the small fit perfect! material is soft, lightweight, and very comfortable. collar can be buttoned to create more of a turtleneck look or unbuttoned to create less of the same look. i'm so glad i grabbed this because it is a great cold weather staple and i doubt they will last long!!
This shirt works for both going out and going to work, and i can wear it with everything. fits perfect, tucked and untucked, tied and untied. i love it.
This cozy sweater looks great with skinny jeans or leggings. as a 55-year-old woman who loves retailer i'm always on the lookout for cute clothes that don't make me look like i'm trying to dress too young. this sweater is comfy and stylish and looks really classy. i wore it to a holiday party and got many compliments, which is unusual for what is basically a simple ivory sweater. it breathes, has just the right amount of room in the sleeves, and was a great purchase. i wish i had bought other colo
This was my go to dress this past summer. so easy to wear and pair with cute wedges. perfect to dress up or down.
I absolutely love this dress. i bought this right before traveling to italy for vacation. it was perfect for the hot weather, flows nicely and was comfortable for a whole day walking around. i am usually a small, but this just felt to loose on my chest. i went with an xs.
I love this dress! easy breezy flowy comfortable & pink! fits a true medium ...would recommend to anyone. makes me a little flirty!
This sweater is super cozy and comfy and my new favorite sweater! the green is a dark khaki and really pretty. it's long enough to wear with leggings, but not boxy or frumpy.
I bought this dress for a couple fall weddings to hide my postpartum belly. it was only available in a size 8 -- which is my typical size. i was nervous based on the reviews it would still be too big, but it fits perfectly. i am 5'10", so i assume my frame can handle the drappiness well!
Fun dress to wear, i received numerous compliments on the color and design of the dress. very flowy and comfortable, love it. i wish i had bought a size smaller than i normally wea because it runs large, but an overall great dress
Unlike other reviews, i did not have a problem with the seam. this is a cute shirt that can be dressed up or down.
I purchased this blouse in black. love it. this blouse goes with everything from jeans to work to cocktail. it is perfect! my only wish is that it came in a colors. i would add navy, red, green, white. i'm tempted to purchase another one just so i never have to worry about the one i have wearing out. buy it - you won't be sorry.
Always attracted to wool for its warmth and breathability. this jacket has great style that can be casual or dressed up some. it's slightly more boxy then expected which i think lends to the casual look. find myself wearing it a lot.
This dress is a great color, fabric, and the style is very flattering! i'm wearing to a wedding but it will be great for many events this fall! dressy enough for a cocktail party but could also wear to church!
This sweater just grows on me every time i put it on. it is so comfortable, flattering and literally the perfect winter sweater. the length is long but so comfortable with leggings or skinny jeans. absolutely love it. i have the cream color one and i have to wear a tank under but the material and look is perfect.
This skirt is stunning. like the other reviewer, i believe this is probably the most beautiful thing in my closet. the colors are just striking. it is also flattering - i find some skirts can kind of pouf out around the hips and add bulk, this one lays nice and flat and looks great. the material is very soft and simple and i love the frayed edges at the bottom. i am just between 5"3" and 5'4" and weigh 112 lbs; i took an xs and it fits perfectly, so it seems true to size. only thing, if you are
Saw this in store today and had to have it. the pink is a really bright pink - definitely more of a hot pink than it appears in the image online. i am a solid 10, and i bought this in an 8, so it definitely runs a size large. highly recommend!
I love this sweater especially the color. i never would have order this sweater on line but when i saw it in person the color was more of a burnt orange. the fit was perfect. i can wear with skinny jeans or leggings.
I love this dress and received many compliments when i wore it. the pink is beautiful. however, it does run large so i will need to exchange it. the little square at the base of the neckline was crooked on the one i received. might not bug anyone else, but it bothered me.
I hesitated purchasing this because of the high price, so kept waiting and then the petite sizes ran out so i figured i missed it. then miraculously the petite in the green was available so i went for it. this sweater is yummy and cozy. drapes beautifully. i am 5'1" , short waisted, and wear size 2 in most clothes. the petite s fits perfectly. with a pair of black leggings and high boots, this is a winner outfit for fall and winter. very comfy. the sweater has a bit of an open-weave, so keep tha
I saw this skirt online and immediately went to the store to hunt it down.  is perfect!  one of the most beautiful items of clothing i own.  was worried the waistband would be unflattering since i'm short and curvy but it's very flattering.  can dress up or wear to the beach.  i love it!!
I purchased this in the ivory color and love it. very comfortable and agree with reviewer who said it looks good with 1 button or 2 buttoned up. my one complaint is that i found it to be such an open weave that i feel it necessary to wear a cami underneath, which is not the end of the world. the other issue i have: the back is definitely longer than the front, as pictured. i'm not sure why retailer feels compelled to have almost every top they sell have this styling, i don't think its necessary an
I saw this sweater online and i fell in love with it! i was hoping to wear it for christmas. it arrived on time and it was such an amazing color. there is a touch of orange to the red color. it has a buttoned collar, and i like wearing it with one button open. it has to be one of the softest, most comfy sweaters i've ever worn. i wore it with skinny jeans and boots. it would be fine with leggings, too. the style and quality is superb, as always. i'm very pleased with this purchase!
This shirt feels amazing. it also drapes nicely and is very feminine and flattering. great versatile piece.
This sweater was exactly what i was looking for...something well made, cozy, easy to just throw on and go and still look chic. i am 5'3" and 110 lbs and the x-small fit perfectly - still roomy but drapes well. i got the taupe which is nice but i got the red color for my sister in law and its gorgeous- more of a burnt orange than the red show here. i would definitely recommend this sweater!
I bought two of these in red and taupe. this is a great sweater for those of us who can't wear wool but need to stay warm. the cowl is adjustable with buttons, so not overwhelming even on a small person such as myself (5'2"). the texture is yummy and so are the colors. softness factor is over the top, too. i wish it came in black. have not washed them yet, so can't attest to that feature, but i am very happy with the quality, so far. thanks retailer!!!
The top looks exactly as pictured and i liked the fabric. the fit is classic and i will be able to wear this top many different ways. i was hoping that it was long sleeve but it is actually 3/4 sleeve.
I love this sweater! it's extremely cozy and great for wearing with leggings due to the length. i ordered the red color in a s and it fits great and it is long, like i had hoped. the red is really more of a burnt orange than the red in the photo, but i actually like that even better.
Beautiful dress, just like wearing a night shirt!!  great flattering fit for most figures!! wonderful color love the bell sleeves.
I hesitated to purchase this dress because of the color but it is a beautiful deep pink that i think would work with all skin tones. i ordered a size down as recommended by other reviewers and the dress fits perfectly. the feel is amazing - incredibly comfortable and not too short when you lean over!
This dress does run large, but i sized down from med to small and it's a great fit. the fabric is lightweight as silk sometimes is, and is nicely flowy, but might require a slip.
Love this blouse. per the previous review, there was no problem with my tailoring. it is exactly as shown. i plan to handwash this and take super good care of it. you can tell from the picture it could be an excellent wardrobe staple and absolutely timeless as well as the kind of sexy and elegant you can get away with in the office.  i do think it runs a tiny bit small. however, it is not short. it's just quite a fitted piece. i would consider sizing up. i love the look of the medium on me, 5'10
Love this! ordered it on sale, but i really do think it's worth full price! i went with a small even though an extra small would have been good too...i'm slender and 5'9" about 125# with full bust. the small fits similar to the model, and because i wanted it to fit well in the sleeves (i have long arms!) and length, i went with the small. maybe should have gone smaller as it is roomy! it's very well made and although you'll need a cami, i still feel as if it will be very cozy. perfect for our mi
This is my new favorite sweater and i want it in all sizes. i have the ivory and now the taupe-totally would have bought the green had it been in stock. the red is a more rust color, but it is still gorgeous. although the knit looks and is looser, it is still very warm. i wore it today and was a little too hot for this mild day. it is longer so it can be worn nicely with leggings and still look great, but it has a good fit and shape so as not to look frumpy. love. tts, but could also size down i
Love this pullover for its versatile style (can be buttoned or unbuttoned) and easy care look. it's casual without looking sloppy. the weave is a bit open work and can easily complement a cami or a thicker top without making me look like a stuffed sausage. the hi-lo hem on the model shots do not look that way irl. the hem is straighter. soft nubbly texture that may snag easily. got this in red and brown but wanted the sold out green too.
This dress is adorable. dress it up or dress it down
Like many of the other reviewers, i thought this ran a little big. i am a 5'5", 110lb pear and xs was perfect - i also ordered the small to be sure. it is not quite as close to the body as the picture. the color is gorgeous and saturated. it hits me mid thigh in a good way. the fabric is crepe on the outside and silky on the inside and it has a beautiful, high quality drapey-ness. it is unlined but not see through. it arrived wrinkled and sad, but a warm dry iron really brought out how gorgeous
I am so excited about this swimsuit. i have never felt so good in a bathing suit. it's sexy without being too revealing. the fit is perfect. i absolutely love it!
I usually do not buy dresses at full price but when i saw the teal version of this dress on the website i caved in and bought it. i had also tried the pink version of this dress in store. it's very cute and sweet but i don't think i can pull it off. the teal version is pretty accurate in color to the on screen image.  this dress runs huge. i usually wear a 6 or 8 in retailer dresses and went with a size 2 for this one. it fits comfortably without being too baggy or like a tent. the materi
This is the perfect fall/winter sweater. i bought it in red and i would get another one in the green color if it weren't sold out in my size. love it!
This was exactly as expected. i ordered my usual size medium. fit well. good quality fabric. it's one of my comfy weekend go to items.
This sweater is gorgeous, i wish i could have purchased in several colors because it's now a staple in my closet. downside- it does say delicate cold water wash, but the lace on the back is so delicate and pulling happens on the sides every time i wear it, so dry cleaning is the way to go. the sweater does snag easily, so don't wear anything that could get caught in it (jewelry/handbags with chains or embellishments) because they will catch.
I love love love this top and have received many compliments. if anything it runs small (i wear size 6 and a 36d bra and the s was roomy)
These are such beautiful cheerful shorts. the floral motif just makes me smile. they do have brocade on them which is nice and dressy. they are perfect for a night out or a day at the beach. i went tts on them. i purchased similar shorts last year in the brown color. very nice shorts to have in your wardrobe..
I typically wear boring shorts. you know - khaki. i saw these in the store and had to try them on. true to size in the waist, not too short, and the leg fit was perfect (slim without being skin tight). the pattern is far from boring. i can't wait to wear them out.
So this is a pricey tee but i ordered it on sale?still pricey. i?m really surprised how much i ended up loving it and wearing it. ordered it in the light red, size xs and it has become my go to tank for the summer?i wear it every week. the armholes are a tab long on me so i wear a black sports bra underneath and it does peak through but not in a tacky way. if you don?t mind the price i would pick this up.
This top is fabulous! the color is amazing and the back is just beautiful! i would recommend this sweater to anyone i absolutely love it! my only concern is getting it snagged on something other than that it's a score!
I wore this out to a dinner-party that was thrown for me, and people loved the surprise back. i have a few lace back shirts, but this one is gorgeous and sexy. i am incredibly cautious about the lace, however. it is so delicate. no issues, but just be careful!
This is such a great top for spring and summer. i've worn it with shorts, capris, and jeans, as well as layered it under a denim jacket. it brings an element of whimsy to any outfit. it's comfortable and really well made.
I love the detailed cutouts on the shirt and the liner is finished with a scalloped edging. perfectly cool for the summer time but also stylish and hip.
This is a simple shirt, but so cool and comfortable in the hot florida summer! i'm ordering one in the blue and white as well... i know this is going to be a fave. i love supima cotton, and though i adore retailer, i do wish they'd carry more of the supima rather than the non-organic fabrics. so many of the pretty things i simply will not buy, because i prefer the feel of silk, linen and cotton. thanks for this one, retailer!
Love shorts that i can dress down w/ a chambray top or that i dress up w/ heeled sandals and a blouse. this is perfect! i found them to run a tad big. i have thin legs but don't have a small waist at all. i took a 0 in them, i'm usually more like a 2 on bottom.
I love the colors, my favorite. purchased a medium and fits perfectly. i've been wearing it all summer. material is thin but super soft. for reference i am 5'8" 145 lbs 32dd. i'm obsessed with this tank. considering buying a second just in case anything happens to the one i have, that's how much i love this tank.
This is one of those "very retailer" tops that you can't find anywhere else. the feel is "folkloric", but the country is not specific. although listed as a "tee", the material is a knit with heft and is lined (from the bust seam down). the embroidery is combined with cut-work to give it a high-end finish (and justify the price). this is a dress-up tee for sure. i will most likely treat it as a blouse and wear it with cropped black culottes or a slim midi skirt. i wear either a 0 or 2 in mos
The fit in the skirt is flexible because the waist is elastic and the shape is flattering, it doesn't stick out too far over the butt. the brocade texture and gold and blue colors are very fall. looking forward to wearing this with boots and tights. i'm usually either a large or medium in skirts and i went for a medium in this one.
In love with this. as soon as i received it in the mail i ordered another color. super soft and easy to wear. i imagine i will live in this top the rest of the summer. felt pricey, but worth it for as much wear as i will get out of it. i am 5'10, 160 and the large is a great fit. perfect fit on the shoulders and just a hair loose throughout the rest of the tank, which is what i wanted.
This top is gorgeous. the colors are lovely, design and quality are impeccable, and it is versatile. this top just happened to catchc my eye and i am so happy with my purchase. it fits tts. i love it!!
Bought on a whim as a gift for my mom, fit perfectly and she loved the details. did not complain of itching as with prior review. it is more blue than gray appearing the photo.
I absolutely love this sweater. it's super soft and the grey/white version is lovely. it's definitely more cropped (i'm 5'7), but looks great with high waisted jeans or a pencil skirt.   so cozy!
I usually take a small in retailer tops. i did have to order this in a medium though because it is slightly more form fitting. the material seems a little thin so i hope it holds up well over time. i love the green color though. i am curvy especially on the bottom and this was very flattering on me. i do think it is too expensive for what it is especially with the material being thin (even at sales price). overall though, i thought it flattering enough to keep.
First off, they are much prettier irl than in the photos online. they fit very large on me. i am usually a 8 or 10 but have hips so ordered the10. wrong decision. i needed the 8.
These shorts are extremely cute! i usually have a hard time finding shorts i like, but when i saw these the floral and brocade was too nice not to try. the length is good and they are not tight on the thighs, but not too loose either. the material makes them friendly for work as well as outings and running about town. i got my usual size 8 and found that to work perfectly!
Color (orange/red) and fabric nice and good quality i ordered this since i live in astoria but am glad i did.
Fun to wear inside sneakers or just around the house shoeless. my daughters tried to take them, but i held on to them.
After reading many positive reviews i ordered. sure glad i did. i love the light, airy fabric. it hangs nicely. i am mostly a 12, sometimes a 14. i ordered both sizes and the 14 was a perfect fit. i am very pleased with this purchase. thought it might be too girly and/or young looking on me, but not so at all. i got the white and i certainly like the red detail at the button holes too.
Mine was slightly tight across the bust area, but i'm able to leave it open with a light tank underneath. it still looks great!
Tried this on a whim in store, and it might not look like much on the hanger, but this beauty fits perfectly and is quite flattering! it is loose without being billowy (still has nice tailoring for shape), the fabric is light but good quality, and the pattern is super cute. i was shocked when i saw that the price was much lower than expected - this is a true win, even at full price. for reference, i'm 5'7" 128lbs and took my usual size s.
So different loose linen, i love the raw edge and the color i can wear with anything over a dress...great top with raw edges
Love the color, ordered the plum. it is very nice in person, not quite as burgundy, more purple-y... i don't typically go for the plain dresses, as i feel at the price, it should be a statement, but i don 't have a dress like this:  wearable as casual or dressed up solid plain color soft fabric long sleeves, yet sexy enough without being too much flirty (it is on the shorter side)  i decided to keep it as dolan makes a similar dress every year, and i pass every year... this is the year
This is an ideal top - especially for summer. so lightweight and soft! the detailing is adorable and makes this simple shirt feel very special, yet everyday! i ordered the black, and am back for the other colors! this one is an absolute win.
I came across this in the store and immediately fell in love with it. the online photos just don't do it justice! i bought the white version because the little pops of red in the details and the dobby weave are so sweet and unique.   a size 0 fit perfectly. the fabric is a bit sheer, so be prepared to wear a cami underneath. very light, airy, and comfortable!
I ordered the orange plaid version in size 16. it fit me like it does the model. it's true to size. the peplum is very comfortable. the plaid isn't see-through so no extra layer of a tank is needed. the neckline isn't too low. very well-made and a great choice for summer!
I tried on this dress in the portland, me, store today. so much good to say about it: the wine color is deep and rich, the fabric hand is similar to a heavy weight silk, the cut of the dress so flattering. but, i didn't get it. i am 5'2" and weigh 135 lbs. i can sometimes wear a medium, but my upper arms and hips can require a large, usually petite for proper length. the store didn't have a large (i didn't even realize the dress also came in petite), so i tried on a medium. nice fit through the
It is a little roomy so if you're between sizes go with the smaller. i think it's flattering even if you have a larger chest. love the details and the fabric is a good weight and quality!
There wasn't much question as to whether or not i'd love these pants, as i have several pairs of the pilcro "hyphen" pant; however, this one is slightly different (front pocket's and seam down front), and though they are slightly different, the fit and cut are the same. these pants are a great weight--can wear year round, really--but these will be my "go to" pants this fall and winter. the length is nice--can wear with shoes or rolled up with boots, too--"utility" chinos? yes!  the fit is nicely
I have a few pairs of pilcro pants and they have yet to disappoint. the fit, the style and the quality is just perfect for me. i know i can go to my size and expect a perfect fit every time.
Love this skirt - it looks precisely as the photo depicts. the metallic stitching may be a little bothersome for some in terms of itching/scratching. i&#39;m 5&#39;8&quot; 135# and the 6 fit perfectly (pear/hourglass).
This top is so soft i want to wear it every day. the orange is beautiful in person. great fall color. perfect amount of swing.
I wear between a l and xl..i chose the xl which was the right choice..if you are a bit curvy in proportions, i could size up. the color is gorgeous...i just logged back on to order another if there were options, but alas, there are not. flattering arm cut! could be worn for work, or with jeans/ out to dinner. it's cute, you won't regret it! (as a side note, it is sheer...which you can see in the photo. needs a cami)
The material on this dress is so soft and wonderfully drapey. super flattering; defines waist enough to not add bulk but also hide a tummy. the purple color is lovely, perfect for fall. for reference, i'm 5'1, 32dd, 118 lbs with hourglass figure.
This tee shirt is just adorable. i found it at a local retailer and decided to try it on - and just loved it! i happened to walk out of my dressing room while wearing it, to talk to my daughter who was shopping with me and three customers in the hall said" that is so cute!" and went to find their own. i bought the ivory color, but the other colors are really nice as well.  the fabric is substantial, soft and thick. the little ruffle at the shoulder makes a cute statement, but is just fun and not
First saw the jacket online and liked it so i went to the store to check out. the color looks nicer in person.  it fitted me really well and looked really nice on me. the jacket is very soft and well made.  the only thing is the sleeves are a little longer but not a big deal. can't wait to wear it when the full is here!
I waited so long before trying this on because i have a bad addiction to white/cream tops that i'm trying to get over and branch out, but after seeing someone else wearing it i decided to give it a whirl. i was also trying on the black and white charlie's with the leaf print at the time and fell in love. it hits me a lot longer than the modeled photo (i'm about 5'7" for reference) and the shoulders were a little tight for me in my usual small, so i got a medium. the sleeve length is perfection,
I noticed this top as i was going into the fitting room, and tried it on on impulse. i was pleasantly surprised with the fit and soft quality of the fabric, and even more impressed with the price. i usually like my tops very fitted, and found this one hung loose, but not boxy. i have been wearing it quite a bit, sometimes with a camisole underneath, and sometimes not. i bought the one with the flowers, and it is not see-through, and the light fabric is good for our warm heat. i bought my usual s
I bought this b/c it looked exactly my style and i was right! i've worn this once and it is so comfortable and the fit is great. i can see this being a shirt i wear again and again all summer. i bought the black and am thinking about buying the peachy-plaid color...
I sew and therefore i can tell when something is cut and designed well. this top hangs beautifully and the colors are very pretty. it's cotton.
This dress is a new favorite! the cut is great for most figures and the fabric has a nice drape around the curves of the body so it sort of has a slimming effect - which i love! i'm petite and curvy and so the hem lands closer to top of my knees than it does on the model in the image. the color in person is slightly more purple and less brown/maroon, but it still works for a fall/winter wardrobe. if you are uneasy about the colors, i recommend looking at it in store before purchasing. i love thi
I got this in black. it can be casual or dressy. very lightweight, comfortable and flattering. i "collect" black tops (since i rarely wear any other color) and this is now one of my favorites. i think it looks totally different in the black than it does in the other colors -- more refined, less casual. this runs quite large. i am a 0-2 but needed the 00 in this top.
Such a cute shirt! i picked up the white-with-flowers that is not being shown online yet. the straight white looks like it could wrinkle and definitely needs a tank underneath but the white with flowers was not see-through and seems like it will require a bit less steaming (the detail masks wrinkles :)) the flowered-design also has a small tie at the neck that i don't think was on the solid color design (can't totally remember) - cute extra detail but not overly obvious, it blends into the shirt
I am in love with this top! it is so comfortable and lovely. it runs a touch big like most items of this brand.
Smooth to the touch and body skimming, this dress drapes over my figure flaws without drawing attention. it's a great base layer for many accessories and outfits. i love this fabric dolan uses, i already own the sleeveless and cap sleeve versions of this dress. i would love if retailer would sell me a long sleeved maxi or midi version. i'm 135# 38/27/35 and purchased size m regular in green.
I bought this in the store without trying it in the black. when i put it on, i loved it. so much so that i went back and purchased the black patterned one. equally as nice.
I am not usually a khaki type of pant person but these are really cute and have interesting details such as the buttons at the ankles. they are also quite flattering and do not "bag" out after a day of wearing. i am 5'6" and about 130lbs. the size 2s fit great. i purchased the "green" color and it goes well with a number of tops. these can be dressed up with heels and great to run around on the weekend. the material is soft which is always a plus for me. overall a great purchase.
This is a beautiful and classic blouse. great fit and flow. however, the silk is very light and the snap falls off easily; tricky to sew back on since the fabric is so delicate.
My first pair of pilcros and i am in love. i am 5'5" 125lbs and bout size 25 in the moss green. i have a skinny/athletic build, and even though i have a small frame, i have thick legs (soccer player) and big butt and hips but a skinny waist. it is hard to find pants that go up my leg, over my butt and don't have a huge gap in the back where i have to wear a belt.... these pants checked all boxes and the best part was the fit around my waist, it is like a glove, no belt required. they have a litt
Adorable fit. the lightweight madras fabric will be perfect for a hot summer day but not see-through. the slightly gathered bottom makes gives my petite frame a taller look. easy to wear, not fussy, no special bra needed.
I paid full price for these gladly (the olive ones) and was delighted when i was able to purchase the black on sale. they are midweight, soft, flattering and stylish. they stretch a little (belt needed) but not much. pilcro are my go-to pants and these hit it out of the park. i wish they would come in a lighter weight version for warmer weather !
I love this shirt. it is soft, romantic and flowy.  i love the material it is probably one of the softest things i own. great quality and lightweight.
I bought this on sale in black. it doesn't look like much online but it is very flattering and super thin and airy which is great for warm weather. tts- i'm an 8/10 38c and the 10 fits just right.
I am so love in this top, i wish i had it in all colors and will absolutely be watching the sale rack for these ones. i love this top. i work out at a gym that requires tops, but that means i cannot usually display my awesome sports bras with cute strappy backs. this yoga top has an open back which will show these off, which i really like. the draped back keeps you nice and cool also. and the fit is amazing. i have some extra baby belly that i can't seem to work off-it was invisible in this top.
I am absolutely in love with this piece! yes it runs large. i'm usually a medium to large in vests ands the small fits me prefectly! the quality is superb. i love the feel of the faux fur, i want to pet it! and the snaps and hooks seem as if they will also last forever. thank you tracy!
I bought this tee becasue of the color and brand (my favorite tees last summer were by bordeaux) and am so pleased. the color is great for a fall layering piece, and the fabric is so soft....amazing! it may be better for layering, the fabric is very thin.
I got this top in white and really like it. its soft, comfortable fits well but it is a little see through.
These fit quite well, and it's rare that i find shorts that fit well without being too tight. great for spring or summer. fits tts.
This blouse is flattering and fits great. i also have the other color in cream with the floral design. very nice!
This blouse is lovely. i ordered a large because so many blouses run small for me, but am returning for a medium, as it fits pretty loose. i love the tie. its unique and feminine.
I'm 5'5", 125 lbs, 34c and the xs fit perfectly. very soft, feminine top. i got many compliments the first day i wore it. wire it for business casual, but looking forward to wearing it with flare jeans for a more 70's look. highly recommend this great sale on a wonderful top.
I love how you can wear this with a t-shirt or blouse.
These are a soft and lightweight material. the photos here don't show the tiny beautiful pattern on them. look closely through the photos and you'll see it. way better than a normal pair of black summer pants. these are very log so i plan to hem to flats to wear for a more casual look but they have the ability to go either way. the pockets flare out a big so i'm going to have those sewn shut when i do the hemming. it is a higher west so great for that look or to wear with some cropped style summ
Interestingly, the description said this was blue, but as it looks on the picture, it is more grey. that being said, about the zippie: love. my stylist (i brought it in for a try on session at my local store), said, "you know how i feel about sweats, i won't like it"... joke on her, she turned around and was ok, i shouldn't have looked, love the ruffles at the bottom...it makes this "sweater" much more special. it is actually really cute for casual day, jeans t-shirt, kids... or over sweats. any
This is my favorite shirt to wear around the house. it's so soft and the waffle texture looks nice, i'd definitely wear it for a run to the store or an evening walk around the neighborhood. the fabric is thin but isn't too delicate and it's not sheer, which makes it a great summer lounge shirt. the cut is flattering and the back doesn't show my bra, which too many of this design do. it is a bit large, you may want to size down if you want it to be a bit more body conscious.
Love these shorts. i purchased them in the peach color. the color is perfect, the fit is perfect, they look great. highly recommend!
These short are the best! the denim is incredibly soft. they go perfect with both casual and nice tops. i would wear them out everyday if i could.
Unfortunately this was too low cut for me,so i had to return it. i wish the neckline was higher. i could tug it up but it slipped right back down. the fabric is a perfect spring weight and the floral pattern is lovely. on me the ties, no matter how i fiddled, didn't cover the cleavage issue and i am a aa!
This dress is perfect, length right below the knee, white slip lining adds to quality, smocking fits upper body perfectly.
Love this vest! i am not a huge vest person, and was worried about finding something to go with this, but i have been able to match it to so many cute thing. the pattern and quality are great. it runs big. if you're between sizes definitely go for the smaller size.
I absolutely love this shirt. it's a simple tee but the open back adds cute detail to it. i ordered a small and it fit perfectly. color is beautiful also.
First time trying pilcro, but glad i did. these shorts are extremely soft and comfortable without being too short. love love!
I absolutely love this dress! i got it right after my first baby was born to wear to an outdoor, early october wedding. it was perfect! the fit is flattering and the dress is well made. it's a classy, elegant dress and i have worn it many times since.
This sweater jacket is perfect. it is gorgeous, casual, unique and a closet must have! i wore it for the first time to an nhl game with black jeans and a red tee and got tons of compliments. it is a medium weight knit and so works well under a jacket in the cold winter months, will be perfect for early spring as a stand alone jacket, and also in early fall! a beautiful basic with a pretty accent ruffle that is sophisticated and adds just that little something special! it runs true to size, with
This will be a cardigan i will wear across all seasons. if you want to layer a button down or another long sleeve shirt under it i would suggest sizing up one size. as soon as i put this on it felt like it molded to me. it's beautiful! and comfortable.
This vest is simply amazing. i wear all black and throw this on top and it becomes the perfect outfit. i love that the top portion of the vest is light weight and thr fur portion is so soft. tts
I just love the print on this shirt!  it is so feminine and pretty!  the material is very soft!  i took my usual medium.  a great addition to my spring wardrobe!
This skirt is a great fit for curvy women. i highly recommend it.
Fun blouse for spring with enough details to make it unique and dressy. very comfortable fit. banded bottom which is loose enough to still be comfortable. dresses up a pair of jeans quite nicely!
I really love the colors of this top, especially in the pinky pastels. it fits really well, can be tied or untied, and will pair with just about anything from skinny jeans to pilcro shorts. speaking of that, i do recommend pairing it with skinny pants or crops because it does have that classic retailer "am i hiding a pregnancy" feel to it.   but...the price tag. $98 for a tank blouse is just too much for me. i will save this one in my shopping bag and hope it's still available once it goes on sa
Love it, so pretty! got tons of compliments. the white color makes you look tan but the red still gives it color. comfy, not body hugging though if you're looking for that.
Nice work top! i ordered the slightly yellow ivory print, which is beautiful, and the print placement perfect. even better, it's work appropriate. the cotton/synthetic blend has stretch without stretching out.  size: i ordered my normal size small for retailer brands like meadow rue. i'm 5'4", approx 140 lbs, 35-30-37, 34d, narrow shoulders, short arms, long torso.  fit: the sleeves are slightly long, but the buttoned cuffs rest at my wrist. the fabric blend allows this top very good drape. i like
T.la has another winner in my book. i decided on the blue and thrilled with the tee. it's a soft blue almost light periwinkle. fabric isn't so thin so it not see through. thank goodness. i actually love it so much i'm ordering the other color as well. i absolutely would recommend this cute tee. love love t.la.
This shirt is true to size. it has beautiful detail and feels very soft and comfortable. it can be worn to dress up jeans or with a skirt for a night out for dinner.
I'm an xl in retailer blouses, and this blouse is the same. i'm guessing women with a thin frame might size down, but i can't say for sure. i purchased the white blouse with the floral pattern. there is a narrow band on the bottom, but it isn't tight, so i didn't find it to be a problem. i usually don't like blouses with banded bottoms, but this is loose. the band does cause the blouse to blouse out a bit, but the fabric has a really nice drape to it, so it worked fine. the fabric has a gre
This is the perfect summer top. super lightweight but with a little swing in it so it is not tight across the hips. the bright colors go with almost anything and the detailing at the top makes this dressier than a regular shirt. great with skirts and jeans!
I got this top in the pink. the colors and pattern are beautiful - i received so many compliments. it is very comfortable - it is "swingy" so i paired it with skinny jeans.  i usually wear an xs or s - 0 or 2 in retailer tops - i got this in an xs and it fit perfectly.
I love this vest. i think it is heavy for a warm spring/summer day so kind've surprised it was featured at the store early spring. i waited for it to go on sale and purchased my normal retailer size medium. i agree it may seem big or loose fitting but i am a vest girl and the fit for me is perfect. size 34 dd, 145 lbs and 5 ft 4 in height. it is a great finishing piece for causal or office attire. this vest will definitely stay in my closet for a long time. beautiful quality.
These pants are so great;style,beautiful soft fabric and love the length (i am 5'10"). i found the rise to be low and like the fact that that they sit at the hips. i had to size up from my usual size in this brand. very flattering and comfortable.
This top is really a great, and it's very affordable. the fabric is light weight, but opaque enough that you don't need a cami. even though this has long sleeves, i can imagine wearing this well into the summer (and i live in south florida). it's comfortable, and the band at the bottom is not tight. the color is slightly ivory and the floral print is clear and bright. the neck tie is really nice and adds a '70's vibe without being overdone or overly dramatic. definite keeper.
You can't tell by the photo but the top is actually a slightly shiny material...so it gives it a classy, going out look. in the picture it looks more casual, but i can see myself wearing this on a night out with a skirt, wearing it to work, or whatever. i tried it on and i thought "wow, i look thin." it's a little shorter than i normally wear (don't worry, it's not a crop top, but notice where the bottom hem sits on the models hips, probably mid-rise), but it looked amazing on. zippers in the ba
The larkspur tank is colorful and the embroidered bib is beautiful. the material is soft but not diaphanous. it can hide my little pouch without looking like maternity clothing. love it!
I'm very surprised by the review given that said this was frumpy. it it absolutely adorable, and the classic plaid is timeless. as first reviewer said, the styling of this on the model does it no favors. it is in reality form fitting but in a very flattering, forgiving way. the waist nips in nicely underneath the top section, then flares out on the bottom section. that bottom flare can sometimes add inches/pounds but this top does it in a very modern, subtle and flattering fashion. and the mater
Definitely a good buy especially when i bought it on sale! it's warm and can be worn dressed up or down.
I love the flowers on this top. the style is cute with the band at the waist. i ordered an extra small and it fits perfectly.
Love this tank. it is so soft and comfortable. the length hits just right on the hip. it hugs the body nicely, not too tight, just loose enough on a hot summer day. i have this in black and white. i wish they would offer more colors.
I am 5'7, the length is perfect, i can wear it with flat. normally the wide leg pants are so long, i have to wear high heels. the flow is perfect too.
I sat on the fence almost too long on this piece and finally ordered one when it popped up as a return...so happy imwas able to snag it. it is incredible. i put it with my favorite closed jeans and chanel work boots and wow! i also have tried belting it where the fur begins and that looks equally fabulous. imput true to size as it is suppose to be roomy, to many people ruin styles by trying to get them to fit in a way they were not meant to...embrace the uniqueness of this piece and roder true t
Love this vest!. it does run large so definitely size down. i'm 5'0, 110 lbs and i ordered the xs which is roomy around the mid section but i think that's the style as the shoulders hit where they should. it is such a fun and unique piece. i cannot wait to wear it with tights or black leggings with boots.
I got this at the sale price and it fits great. the bottom was wrinkled so it was not as open at the end like the picture but i am sure an iron will help.
I tried on these pants and was instantly in love. they are very flattering and stylish, but also incredibly comfortable. i am 5' 6", and the length is perfect to wear with 3" heels. i highly recommend these!
Got this in the black when i was in greenville nc. i had seen it online for a little while and didn't think much of it until i tried it on in the store. it's surprisingly comfortable and it isn't too heavy. its the perfect "staple" black shirt in my closet. it is also very forgiving.
Love this blouse. i usually wear a small and had to exchange it for an xs, which fits perfectly. not form fitting but flattering; washes beautifully, too. i highly recommend this blouse.
Overall beautiful skirt, material is a little on the heavy and stiff side but still a really nice skirt
Love, love this top. it is soft, comfortable, and cute. it is versatile (e.g. i can dress up for work or dress down by throwing on a pair of jeans). the tie at the neck adds a cute detail (if you want it tied). great staple for the wardrobe. i purchased in the black and it is very versatile, not sure how i feel about the print...
This is one of my all time favorite retailer purchases. this dress is perfect in every way - mine fits me exactly like the model and i was lucky enough to purchase it in black. if you're on the fence, take the plunge and buy this dress - you won't be disappointed!
I was looking for a dress for my engagement pictures and once i saw this dress i knew it was the one! i ordered the white in a small (size 2) i am 5'4 130lbs. it fits perfect and the length is just right. some reviews said it's boxy and has too much flow to it but if you have the right size it won't be an issue! yes, it's a lace dress so it's going to be delicate and you'll need to handle with care. but it's worth it, absolutely stunning!
I was so excited to see these pants on sale. they fit beautifully and drape well. the hidden lining of 'shorts' is a great feature and i will get 3 seasons of use from these. now if i could only get them in plain black too ....
I love this dress. you can wear it for everyday or you can put some bling with it and dress it up. it fits very well. flattering. i highly recommend!!
This is a cute stylish sweater different from the typical. it doesn't itch which is key at least for me. i ordered an extra small but i am normally a small since it seems to run long. i think the neckline is unique :)
Love this sweater. it fits exactly as shown on the model. the neckline is simple and stylish. the a line fit is very flattering. i normally wear a size xs to s. i purchased the s for more swing at the bottom.
I love how elevenses fit and the length is awesome when i wear flats. this is one of the few brands that sometimes carries a longer 33-34" inseam. this style is a bit shorter- however, with the lighter fabric, i wouldn't want it touching the ground. pants are breezy and i love that they are lined to the calf. call me old fashioned, but all pants should be lined! the elastic waist is nice and flat in the front and works wonderfully since my butt is larger than my waist.
These are so great! love the fabric weight ( light ) they look great on - the pictures don't do these justice! i tried them on in the store with a black sleeveless crop top (you couldn't see any mid skin) and it looked great together, might have to go back and get the top! they do look great with just a black tank as well though!
I've been looking for dresses to wear to nurse in since i just had a baby & so i bought this dress knowing it just had a tack holding the front fold together & always intending to remove the tack. i love it. the fabric is super soft. i wear it with a nursing tank underneath and a wide belt to cinch my waist & it's amazing. with the tack in, it did pull very strangely across the bust as others have mentioned, so it's not good for a big bust unless you intend to remove the tack & wear something un
I love the weight of the material; sometimes crinkled gauze looks cheap; this does not. the lace trim is more 2-tone than the photo suggests, but that is not negative, and the color of the dress is more salmon than peach, again, not a negative. the length is as it is on the model, just below the knee. i wore it to what turned out to be surprise party for me at the beach! i paired it with huge silver hoops and silver flipflops. i felt special, stylish and comfortable. it was a good dress for some
Stumbled upon this dress which had been returned to a store and was encouraged to try it on by the sales staff, and am glad i did. it's a beautiful dress that i didn't need and have no idea what i will wear it for, but bought anyway. i got a size 8 and it fits perfectly though i will need to shorten it a bit. i am busty and prefer a bit more coverage so will add more tulle to the v neck. i agree with the other reviewer about the tulle underlay but it looks easy enough to remove from the lining o
Most of my jeans are ag. love the ankle length and wash on these. not too distressed either. tts. really soft denim! size 27 like my other ag's
I've been looking for a black sweater just like this with this comfortable material, weave
I love these pants! waited for them to go on sale and totally worth the price. i wore them work and received numerous compliments. great for casual friday at work or sunday brunch with the girls. can't go wrong with antro!
We were at dinner in provence at sunset... and in walked a young lady wearing this lavender? dusty blue? lilac? creation- just swingy enough to be perfectly comfortable, yet lacy enough to be elegant. the color struck me as "south-of-france". they were american by accent. i was too shy to ask the brand of her dress, but knew by the powers of the internet that this dress would one day be mine. magnolia lace dress- i found you!!!
I purchased this dress in black a few months back. i was so excited to see it back in multiple colors! the black dress went well with riding boots and tights for colder temps. the yellow dress will be great in warm temps with cute sandals. super comfortable and flattering.
Love this dress. it is simultaneously romantic, sexy and sweet. could be a casual dress but also worn with heels. it does run a little large but it is flowy and not meant to be super tight. i am 36d and the top isn't too tight - ordered the size 4 and am very happy with the fit.
This dress is gorgeous! the color is perfect for spring/summer. the dress does run wide/loose. i read reviews before ordering and i am glad that i did. i am usually a petite size, but the reviews recommended going with the regular due to length and the design at the bottom (and wanting to be able to bend over comfortably). i am 5'2 and about 116lbs. i ordered the 2 regular and it worked well. i received many compliments!
Fun and elegant! this cape is my favorite purchase in a long time! the juxtaposition of the black and red body against the grey faux fur collar is stunning! it has brass detail snaps up and down both sides as well as at the generous pockets at natural length on both sides. it is very well made of good quality materials, as all tracey reese pieces have been in my experience. it does run true to size as it is an oversized piece, which adds to its classy dramatic flare! it is comfortable to wear
This dress is lovely! so flattering. i'm 5'6 and 140 pounds pre pregnancy and just into my second trimester. purchased a 4. will work for many more months and again after baby.
This is a casual, flattering off the shoulder float dress with pockets! perfect for sunday brunch or a casual night out. and, as other reviews stated the fabric is lightweight but you cannot see anything through it, except perhaps a glance of the outline of your legs but that is it. definitely not a reason to not buy this adorable dress!
This dress is beautiful just like the picture. it fits true to size and is quite comfortable considering it is on the delicate side. definitely recommend this one!
I love this sweater tunic! the neckline adds interest and is so flattering. i think it is more flattering in person than in the photos of the model. my husband even noticed the neckline and said he loves this top on me :) it is soft and not itchy at all. i bought my regular size small and will wear it with jeans or leggings and boots. i love that this neckline comes up a bit but is not huge so i can definitely pair a scarf with it for a change if i wanted to. this will definitely be a staple in
These pants are beautiful and so comfortable. the liner is a nice surprise. they can be casual or dressed up with a jacket. i'm so pleased to have gotten them on sale!
I got this tank because it was on sale, thinking it could be cute, but i didn't have high hopes. once i put it on, i loved it. i have a long torso and it's the perfect length. i have worn it with a jacket over it also to extend its life into cooler weather.
I wore this with a velvet moss-colored skirt (also sold at retailer) that hits above knee and received so many compliments. the neckline and sleeves are gorgeous. i like my sweaters comfy so i ordered a medium and love it. not quite cropped but it does hit a bit higher on the waist. sleeves hit above wrist as well.
I am 5ft 8in and about 140lbs-athletic busty build. i normally wear a size 4-6. i ordered this dress in white in a size 6 and couldn't be more pleased! i actually hopped online today to try to order another in the lilac but they are unfortunately sold out. this dress is exactly as pictured-the upper back is fitted, keeping it from going out too much and looking like a straight up tent. i adore it and hope that they will re-stock it!
This sweater is perfect with leggings, crop pants, jeans and wide leg pants. a line, 3/4 sleeves, does not cling to waist area... very flattering. so soft , comfortable and thick cotton knit... no cami required. length is bum covering.
I just discovered this dress a few days ago and it's simply dreamy!! i'd been searching for the perfect summer dress to wear to a wedding in june but had been highly disappointed in the selection of pastel colors from other shops. this dress is the perfect summer shade and will be perfect for the texas heat in june! i absolutely love how it flows and is elegant yet modest. the lace cut-outs are gorgeous!
This dress is adorable. the colors are vibrant and very eye catching. i found it runs tts -- for reference i'm 5'4" 140lbs and i ordered a 6. the dress is fitted on top with some very nice/forgiving pleats around the stomach.
This dress is just absolutely adorable! you can dress it up and wear it to a wedding, or you can dress it down and slip on a pair of sandals and use it as a casual summer dress! this dress does run a tad bit large - i'm usually a size 4 but the size 4 was slightly too big for me. best purchase yet!
The holding horses brand never ceases to amaze me. this dress is gorgeous in person! i have received so many compliments while wearing this dress. the lace is intracately crafted and the lilac color is perfect. i actually have this magnolia dress in black as well and i might even get the new reddish color too. needless to say i'm obsessed with this dress?
Love these! i wore them today for the first time and got tons of compliments. they are comfy and sooooo cute for summer. also, fyi, they make my butt look great.
I purchased this dress in my normal small size - via online. i exchanged it it for a medium in the store as the shoulders were just a little too tight for me. i plan on wear it with tights/leggings as it's a little to short on my 5'9" frame. well made and the bodice has so much detail but not over the top.
I love this dress for fall. it is slightly sheer, so i would recommend wearing tights or a slip underneath, but it is lightweight enough for fall that i can transition the dress into the season as it gets colder. one note -- i am 5'1", and was required to size down to an xs in this dress due to length. the xs is perfect for work, as it hits me slightly above my knees.
Kind of excited about this little number. i found it online and was immediately drawn to the boho-chic look. it arrived and i was impressed with the weight of the dress and the detailing that is missed in the photo.
This is a great, easy-to-wear dress with lovely beaded detailing all over the front bodice and ladder lace trim running the length of the sleeves. easily dressed up or down. i usually wear petites but ordered the regular size based on previous reviews, and the slightly longer length was perfect for me (it hit just above the knees). there were a few beads that were coming a little loose, so i did have to secure those but it wasn't a big deal for me as i'm pretty comfortable with light mending, et
This dress is beautiful - the pattern is pretty and the beading detail is stunning. i immediately received many compliments the first day i wore it. i do think it is a little short so i bought a size up (i also like loose fitting clothing) and i wore it with bare legs and boots and felt ok, will likely add leggings or tights as the weather gets cooler.
This dress is more beautiful in person than it is online. during the fall/winter i love to wear dresses with tights and pair them with boots. this dress is so cute, the material is pretty thin, but lined and flowey, i am 5'9 34 b bra 27 inch waist and a size 2 was great. the dress itself is pretty shapeless but string around the waist is adjustable to make it fit you the right way (giving it some shape) the v neckline is definitely more attractive in person than in the pictures, and the stitchin
Wore this to work and nearly everyone complimented me on it. very comfortable. lots of detailing. perfect for fall. pockets! i'm usually somewhere between a s and m but this piece was generously cut and a s was perfect. i debated ordering the petite, but actually the regular cut was the perfect length even though i'm only 5'4".
This dress was one of those incidental finds i saw in-store while making an online return. for whatever reason i didn't notice this one online but loved it in person. the fit is easy going and flattering, i took a small as the shoulder fit would've been a little tight in the xs. great dress for transitioning seasons :)
I grabbed this immediately when i saw it in the store - the details are beautiful - beading, embroidery, and small opening details on the arms. from a practicality standpoint, it has pockets, it's machine washable, and it can easily be worn as is, with black leggings or tall boots in fall, and then throw an additional chunky ivory cardigan on for winter. for sizing, i am usually a size s and found it to fit loosely, but in comfortable slightlyyyy swingy way. if i had sized down the shoulder seam
I was not so sure i would like this dress as i was afraid it may be too boxy looking. per other reviews i took a chance...i love it! so sweet with my grey boots and just dressy enough...but still casual and fun. detail work is very nicely done.
This dress is beautiful and extremely well made. there is s little more weight to the fabric than i had assumed but it's nice for fall/transition/cooler temps. i'm so sad that i will most likely return this dress because it's just not working on my postpartum body but there is a part of me that wants to keep it because of how stunning it is.
I agree with the other reviewer who said she cannot believe it's not flying off the shelf. this looks gorgeous on and the fit is perfect. i ordered my usual size m. i am 5'3" 34dd and it looks amazing. it is breezy and flowing but without the baggy look. it is so cute with jeans or leggings. the fabric is the perfect weight- light but still thick enough that it's comfortable and my light bra is not seen underneath. love this top!!!
Great dress. fits perfectly. will be perfect in the winter and with leggings.
The dress is as great 'in person' as it shows in the pictures. if you usually buy petite keep in mind that you may like the regular size if you prefer the llonger look. if you prefer a shorter length go for the petite size if this is what you usually get. i am 5.3, 117 lbs and tried both, xs regular and xs petite. i ultimately went with the regular size as i preferred the longer length. everything about this dress is perfect, the color, the material, the cut. highly recommended as a transition
Love this so much. it's beautiful and i get tons of compliments. it's a touch short as a dress but looks amazing with leggings!
Love these! they are thick and comfortable. they feel like sweat pants but are cute enough to wear out if you are running quick errands. definitely recommend!
These are so comfy. i will wear them for 3 seasons. so worth it - especially on sale.
This dress is amazing beautiful and perfect for fall. the colors and beading are so much better in person. the pockets are an added bonus! i'm typically a xs but sized up to a s only because i felt the sleeves were tight and across the bust was tighter than i'd like when moving my arms. the xs would have worked but the s is perfect comfort. i highly recommend this beauty. for reference, i'm 5'2, 120 lbs.
Absolutely love this jumpsuit. i am 5'2''/103lbs and the xs fits perfectly (i am typically an xs/00). when i read previous reviews i was quite excited to read that most people found it to be "short waisted"-- the waist band actually hits my natural waist (just how it is pictured on the model), which never happens! great quality, thick fabric and the pleats in the front are beautiful. can't wait to wear it!
This is absolutely beautiful.  but i am only 5'6"and the dress hits my thigh about the same place as it does on the model. one lean over to pick up my purse off the floor and i will flash everyone.   so i am going to wear it with dark denim leggings and tall boots.   likewise i did not detect even a speck of black. to me it is navy and purple. i was wishing it had black because those are my favorite leggings but quite honestly i think you're going to have to do navy or denim.
Bought this at sale price. pretty in person and soft / comfortable. runs really big. size down. i got it in my usual size l, but will have to exchange for an m.
This shirt is boxy. but, as the pictures clearly shows, that is the design of it. if you know how to style outfits, it's a great buy. i really like it. i'm tall and slender, so it's a bit easier for me to pull this off. the design and color are just really neat. really cool shirt for the fall.
I did buy these when they were 40% off the sale price. well worth it. they are comfortable, thick but not too warm. they are my 'nice' home pants to wear outside. =) i love them. i got a large and they fit on the baggy side but not bad. i'm usually a large or xl.
A culotte and basketball short hybrid. these culottes are heaven....very comfortable. the are great on windy summer days or walking around the city (between the buildings are like wind tunnels). the waist does run alittle large...i have a 29-30in waist and the medium petite fit my lower waist, but is large on my natural waist...a small petite would be better, so size down one size on the waist. plus the waist band is stretchy, so there is a lot of forgiveness in sizing down. plus the petite's le
Love this dress!! will go from fall to winter. so comfy. got it in medium.. and fits great.
Very flattering! i am petite, but have large breasts. so, i expected this dress to look boxy on me. but the flowy fabric falls perfectly on the body and shows just the right amount of shape. the pattern is beautiful and perfect for the cooler seasons. the dress is also very versatile. it can be dressed up with heels and a jacket, or down with flats and a denim vest or jacket. i know i'm going to wear this dress over and over this fall and winter.
There is so much going on on this dress - it's fantastic. hard to tell from pics - but there is a peek-a-boo lattice detail going down the front and back of the sleeves. the beading is plentiful but not too much for work. dress is significantly longer on me than the model - i'm 5'6", but still a tad above the knee. with tall boots or booties and tights, this will go straight from work to out for the evening. i'm real long waisted - originally ordered m, but exchanged for l. much better fit overa
This dress is so much better in person than pictures. details on the sleeves and buttons on the front shows quality and makes it an original looking dress. i've wore it yesterday for the first time and received 4 compliments. buy before it sells out!
Great knee length, lovely twirl and drape. though a staple piece, the material and the blend of the navy and black bring this skirt up a notch. pull on styling. i purchased a small and returned it for an extra small as it was too large in the waist. i like my skirts to sit at the natural waist and with the style of this skirt, i think that would look most flattering and slimming. my waist is abt 26/27 for reference (34c bust and hips abt 35/36) and typically a 2/4 at retailer. the skirt is quite s
I skipped over these when they first cme in store, but it was reccomended to me to try them on. so i did, and i loved them, they look like a skirt which is amazing but you won't be worrying on those breezy days ;) they run very big!!!! i'm usually a 26/27 or 2/4 in pants and i got the xs and feel like i could have even sized down but that's the smallest size carried in store. i got them in the green because i felt that the color went more with the casual feel of the pant. if you are interested i
Nice feminine pattern with a thick fabric. it's great having pockets! the white is ivory. i'm a size 4, and the small fits nicely. it would be nice, if the pant length was a little longer. i have a 31" inseam, and they end up being a couple of inches above my ankle, but that's just my preference. overall, very happy with this purchase.
Super cute style but runs slightly larger then other ag jeans i have.
This feels and looks like a ballet skirt on, so light and flowy, super comfortable, just love it! extremely flattering cut, tiny gathered folds at waistband add pretty detail and create a slimming effect on my tummy, what's not to love?! great pockets too! i have a 34 inseam and the length is perfect. ordering in both colors now as i can see these becoming my go to bottoms all summer long....
Runs true to size for brand/retailer clothes (xs for 5'5", ~120lbs), but a little tight in the shoulders/biceps if you have fairly developed muscles or just wide shoulders. watch out for the skirt riding up when you reach for something or bend over.
I bought this dress for an october wedding in savannah, ga. i love it! can be dressed up or down. i'm 5'3" and 112 lbs and bought an xs. like other reviewers said, it's a little tight through the arms. i probably could have done an xxs but wouldn't be as comfortable. i'd recommend this dress to anyone looking for a versatile dress for fall and winter.
I noticed this outfit earlier this year and remarked to my husband how heavenly it was. i couldn't bring myself to buy it since i shy away from strapless outfits (this lady is a small chested diva). to my delight- my wonderful husband remembered my gushing, and surprised me with this outfit for christmas! imagine a 33-year-old dancing around the house holding up this outfit - because that is what happened. this outfit it truly a work of art. it has a lined bodice with soft boning that fits perfe
I am here online to buy this pant in both colors. i tried it on today in store in regular lengh,, but am opting for petite size. i am 5'2. i could have purchased the regular length, which hit me above the ankle, but i think p will be more flattering and better for summer.  the pants are a woven material, and kindof shiny!? the pants also may be a bit see-thru in sunshine due to the structure of weave. that said, i am buying them anyways because they are that comfortable and professional. i may
Nice skirt. texture pattern gives it character. does run a bit large.
Love!!!! i was super hesitant to try this dress on, it didn't look great online or on the hanger. but it looked great on! it has a very boho/70s/vintage feel. i am curvy, and it looked fabulous.
I fell in love with these bottoms at first site. i was a little worried they would not work for me because i'm a curvy size 12/14, but to my surprise they look great! i tried on the large as that is what i usually wear at retailer, but i was able to size down to a medium - which was great cause it minmized some of the fullness for me. they are light and breezy and will be the perfect alternative from shorts - which i hate. they are so worth trying!!
This dress is beautiful, and the a line shape is very flattering. i'm 5'10" and it hits just above my knees. i'm small on top, so the keyhole slit isn't an issue for me, but it does gap more than it does on the model. this dress has lots of versatility.  like another reviewer said, you can dress it up with heels, or dress it down with boots.
I almost did not buy this dress because of the poly/rayon construction but i saw some sweet styling on instagram that got me hooked. the dress is silky soft and a bit oversized as i purchased the smallest of my size range. looks very swingy and free spirited when worn loose. cinch the string tie or add a wide belt for a defined waist and beautiful full skirt. i have many outfits in mind for this perfect fall dress, i'm excited to start wearing it! my weight has been fluctuating, so right now i'm
This beautiful dress is the perfect style for fall. when i first picked this up, i was surprised by how heavy it felt. there is so much embroidery i thought the dress was lined with another layer. however, the fabric is not stiff. there are numerous exquisite details including a button up bodice, additional embroidery on the skirt and ladder lace on the sleeves.    i sized up to l because of my heavy back/shoulders/upper arms. sizing up does make the bodice of the dress look a tad wider but n
This dress is truly a no brainer purchase! it is a stunning dress with gorgeous embroidery, beading and  the color is just perfect for fall! i am only 5'2 and i went with the regular size since i don't like to go too short. that said, you can totally rock this dress with leggings and boots if it is too short. i weigh 103 lbs and i am normally an xxs but i'm glad i went with the xs since it would have been too tight at the top and should even  be slightly loose fitting on the bottom. love everyth
This is a great tunic for those of us who like to wear leggings as pants once in a while, it covers all the important parts without being too baggy. i found the fabric to be light and comfortable, but heavy enough that a light colored bra can't be seen underneath with it great if you don't feel like wearing multiple layers.
Nice top; the material is soft and drapey. i like to wear it layered under a shorter shirt or jacket.
I am usually a regular xs with retailer tops. i took a chance and went with the xxs in blue and am not regretting it. super comfortable top. fits perfect and will be great for work.
I loved it but can understand the mixed reviews. i am 5'7" and a size 2-4 usually. 32d. you need to be on the tall side for it to work. definitely will not work if you are petite. i can also see if you have a fuller chest how it would tent and look like a maternity top. i have that happen with off the shoulder styles. that said, if it works, it is great. i didn't size down went with s) because the xs didn't hang well. it was too short at the shoulders and neckline. again, probably need to be in
I am in love with this dress. the colors are amazing but also is the fabric. it is soft and supple. i am a curvy girl and this dress does all justice to my bust, waist, and hips. this is truly an amazing dress. you can dress it up or dress it down and the best part it is professional enough for a causal office look.
I adore this little sweater- the pictures don't do it justice. i'm tall, with broad shoulders and small chest- the cut and design of this sweater is so flattering. colors work with denim or any neutral, and the weight is perfect for spring or early summer.
This is the prettiest little nighty. it is romantic, soft and so very pretty. i really adore everything about this piece , but the pink detail on the trim, along with the floral embroidery is are just the right extra touches that retailer shoppers have come to love.
Love this sweater! it can be used for both work and casual wear with ease. very soft and seems durable. i highly recommend it!
Soft very forgiving and flattering top, wish it was not so pricey
I love elosie sleepwear, everything is well made and beautiful designs. i am 5'5" and wear a size 4, the small fits great. i love the embroidery it is a nice touch, and the pink is a pretty contrast.
This is one of those pieces of clothing that is destined to become a wardrobe staple. the fabric is soft and generous. . the chiffon trim gives it swing and style. i just ordered another one because i know it is going to be a long time favorite..
I love the off the shoulder tee so much that i ordered two of them in different colors. i can wear them with jeans or i can wear them with gym attire while out running errands and still feel like i look nice!
Love this dress! adorable, comfortable and figure flattering! cant go wrong with this purchase!
I tried this on in the store because i have had my eye on it for a while and i want to be sure i get the correct size. as other reviewers have said, it does run large. i normally wear a s and the xs was big on me. i could go with the xxs, but of course it appears to be sold out now. the lighter colors look like they would be slightly sheer, but the navy blue and red are not. i thought the material was good quality. not sure if it would shrink. top is rather long on the back, but the picture does
I'm 5' 3", 115 pounds, and bought the xs in white. i actually wear this as a bathing suit cover-up instead of a top. i love that it's little longer in the back so it covers part of the back of my thighs. it's light weight, cool and comfortable. it is thin but has washed well with no pilling or holes so far. i've worn this several times and have had lots of compliments.
I have been watching this dress online since it arrived, finally decided to order it online. it is as great in person as it looks on the website. the fabric, cut and finishing of the dress are high quality and my usual size 10 fits great. it falls about 3" above the knee on my 5'5" frame which is a little short for the office, but i could do it on a friday with a cardigan. the fit is comfortable and flattering for a gal with broad shoulders and small curves. when i tried it on friends raved. thi
Runs a little big, but super comfortable and looks great with jeans slightly tucked in.
This picture does not due this sweater justice, at all! i purchased this today for summer. it's beyond cute and the colors are awesome! it's a very light sweater with a fitted (but not too tight) light feel. the sleeves are a little longer than quarter length, at least on me. it looks amazing with white pants, very fresh!!
I bought this in an extra small at a store in the lilac color and loved it so much i ordered a white one online 2 days later. they were out of extra sm so i ordered a small which is still ok as it looks cute being on the big flowy side with my jeans. i normally wear a medium in tops. i've received many compliments on these... they are very figure flattering and it's nice they are a little sexy for a loose top because of the open shoulders. i hope they come out with more colors for summer because
I love this brand and their different styles of tshirts. extremely soft, washes well and wears well! the shirt runs a bit large and i usually wear a medium, but in this brand i am a extra small or small.
I love this tee, i own it and wear it nearly every other day in black and purple solids and ordered 2 of the prints. wish that the purple/gray floral print would restock since it sold out before i could purchase it. only possible negative is that i am careful not to tumble dry it due to other reviews of its vulnerability to tears or holes. so i hang it up to dry after machine washing. i read that it runs a bit large so i ordered and am thrilled with my medium.
This is better than the original tla t shirts from last summer. better quality/not sheer. great fit! i bought both the white and the purple. love tla tees!
T la is such a great brand for t shirts! this one is so soft and comfy and the yellow color is a great neutral yellow.
I bought this tee in most of the colors available. that's how much i liked it. it's not tissue thin; it's a good medium weight. it does't hug the body too closely. i am 5'4 and 140 lbs with a little post partum belly and this is a really flattering tee in m.
Easy, breezy comfortable light weight tee
Incredibly soft, great to dress up or dress down. i must have summer tee.
I picked up this tee in store, where they had a pattern that isn't pictured here (purple floral on a grey background). this is a loose fitting tee, and usually the loose fitting tees i try on at retailer are really unflattering- however, this one fits great and is flattering. the fabric is wrinkle resistant and comfortable. this top will definitely be a staple of my spring and summer wardrobe! considering ordering in other colors.  for reference, i'm 5'5 145lbs, 38-30-40 measurements, 34ddd
A perfect basic tee! loved how soft it is. not worth full price, but definitely one to add to your cart once on sale.
I've never bought a tee at full price, in so many colors. i love this tee.it's quite possibly the most perfect fit ever. the material is thick and hangs well without being stiff or bulky. i'm 5'2 -117lbs usually a small petite or 4p but purchased the regular small so i can wear this with skinny or regular jeans. i purchased the purple, navy and black and may go back for the yellow. the white is still a little too sheer fir me otherwise i would have purchased it. wish they had a light grey versio
I love these t.la tees, and i buy them often. i find them to be very versatile and super soft. i have several colors and they hold up well if you wash and hang dry. i am a small in most retailer tops and these are no exception. they wear well under jean jackets or even a long-sleeve button-down shirt.
I'm extremely pleased with the quaiity of these leggings. the material is comfortable and supportive without feeling too restrictive. the pattern ans styling are slimming. most importantly, they don't slide down during your workout! i'm 5'8'' and a size 12-14 and the large fit perfectly.
I got this in the color listed as pink. it's not a usual pink. the fit is good--not too tight and not too loose. the length is good for a tee.
I just received this swimsuit today and love it!  i was a little hesitant to order with the cutouts, but i feel it is very flattering. i was choosing between an xs and s.  i ended up going with xs and am glad i did, i think going up would of caused gaping on the sides.  great suit, only comment is in the description i believe it said the straps are adjustable, but they are not.  also, there is light padding which i appreciate.
Denim is a little heavier than my other pilcro stet jeans, but i love the wash and the broken-in wear on the upper legs and pocket. i mostly appreciate how little they stretch out during the day, just enough to be comfortable but without losing their shape. they seem a bit more fitted in the hips than the waist. but, i prefer jeans that aren't tight in the waist, so these are perfect for me. i purchased the same size as all my other jeans and they fit just fine. i am 5'6" and the hem fell right
I love this t-shirt! it is so soft, fits true to size and great with jeans or shorts. i purchased in yellow and plan to purchase other colors!
This is comfy and casual and fun to wear.  moss ombr is darker and less ombr than pictured, so i wish i had gotten the other color way instead.  i can see myself wearing this for running errands, grabbing take-out and other important things like hanging out on my couch.  definitely size down or this will look too wide & boxy.
I was worried this sweater would be too tight, but it has a very flattering fit. i am a librarian and this sweater makes me feel like a quirky librarian. i love it!
I found these jeans on the sale rack at my local retailer. they were the very last pair and in my size. i couldn't believe my luck.  i tried them on and was very impressed with the fit and feel of the jeans. thyre soft yet substantial. they retain thier shape. . love the worn in look to them.  .. .. so adorable.  nice slouchy skinny jean.. i stayed true to size
I love these jeans! they actually look better than the picture and you cannot beat the sale price. they are a boyfriend fit, but you can order your normal size. usually with boyfriends, i have to order one to two sizes down. with skinnies and more fitted jeans, i am a 29 and that's what i got. there is no sagging or stretching out after wearing them for a while. the wash is absolutely beautiful...very worn. hopefully the holes in the knees won't get even bigger. i have worn and washed them now q
I get nervous ordering clothes online but that was my only option for this dress. i love everything about this dress and i love the pockets.
I ordered both colors, but ended up keeping the green in petite xs b/c the red in xs was just slightly too big. both colors are gorgeous, and i agree they have a retro 70's vibe. just a tad itchy, but not enough that it would make an undershirt absolutely necessary. i'll probably just wear it alone. i think the regular size would work for most petites b/c it's not ridiculously long. i would suggest sizing down in regular if you're petite though: for instance, the regular xs fit noticeably larger
This skirt is great, a classic. the little dots on the skirt give it some character while remaining a simple black and flattering skirt. the material lays nicely and flat. it does not make me look like i have a stomach. the skirt fits tts. i am a little afraid that the waistband will stretch out over time so i might exchange it for one size smaller. overall, i love the skirt!
Absolute best pair of yoga pants. they are the softest material- so comfy! i'm 5'3, 125lbs with a curvy figure and the m fit perfectly :)
This reminds me of the 1970's. the fabric is soft and it looks just like the picture. i'm ordering it in line in a petite. my store doesn't carry petites. it's typical moth quality and fit. perfect.
Very long shirt, i have to tuck it in. i love the lipstick design and its great quality material. its really soft and cotton breathable.
This is quite possibly the greatest jacket of all time. i ordered it with the "layered luna dress" in grey, and i am now giddy with excitement to wear the combo! very chic. i am confident this will be a staple in the years to come. for reference, i ordered my normal size xs (5'5, 115 lbs, muscular) and did not find it to be too tight in the arms (and i have fairly broad shoulders). i did not try it on with long sleeves, but i still think there would be adequate room.
This is an amazing jacket! it fits perfectly through the shoulders, with enough give to make it comfortable. i love the color and the feel of it, as well. it will be perfect for the spring and summer evenings.
Absolutely love this jacket - soft, nice amount of stretch, and the fit is beautiful. i'm 5'7" with a long torso and was happy with the length on this too (motos are sometimes tricky for me). totally cute and versatile - worth full price!
I love this jacket. it has great structure and lays nicely, while still have knit arms and a lining. don't try this on if you aren't prepared to buy it because it's amazing. color is more of an olive than a khaki to me as it appears in this picture. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, and the small fit perfectly. definitely consider this as an investment piece across many seasons.
Ordered this jacket in the holly color thinking it would be brown per the photo but when it arrived it was more olive green. it is a beautiful, well-made jacket but i already have two olive green jackets?don?t need a third. if they bring this jacket out in brown i will definitely order. i order the xs and it fit perfectly.
I bought the navy/ivory patterned one in size 16. i loved the details of the faces so much that i ordered a second one in the same pattern on sale. now, i see they're still available on clearance so i have a 3rd (the ivory with pastel stripes). the length is perfect. it's comfortable, washes well, and has personality. i love these. i should have bought the other whimsical prints. i've had good use out of them this summer and will in the colder months too.
Got this on a whim and boy i'm very pleased! it's flattering and the material is perfect for spring weather. size up as mentioned by other reviewers.
So i ordered both sizes in this, small and xs.  i'm 128 lbs. and 5"4 and the xs fit me.  at first i wasn't sure about this piece but after getting it on it starts to grow on you.  the top part of the jumper fits really cute and the bottoms are very wide and can be long.  i did get this at a great price so i'm going to keep it, don't know how many times i will end up wearing but thought it would be really cute to wear out on date night with my husband.
I agree with the others...this is the type sweater that hooked me on retailer ten years ago. i love my new sweater. i do recommend wearing a long sleeve tee underneath. the sleeves are itchy.
This tank is well made and the top part is doubled (partially) so you can get away without wearing a bra (if you wish). i'm 5'1 and tried on the standard xs in store because xxs was not available. it was a little bit longer on me than on the model pictured. the pin-tucked area fit well, not too tight or loose and the bottom part was flowy which i don't mind. i expect this top to shrink in the wash a tad which would make it perfect for me. i opted for the white vs. the black because i love the pi
This bra is obviously very pretty and feminine, but i was surprised that it's also really comfortable! it provides a pretty good amount of support, especially for an unlined bra, and feels pretty sturdy despite there not being much there. my 34b fit true to size.
I love this sweater! aside from it being absolutely adorable, the quality is great and the sizing is accurate. i have received so many compliments on it so far and honestly, i want to wear it everyday! the sweater is super soft and comfy... and of course, i totally recommend it! thanks retailer!!
I love the design and color of this jacket. when i saw it pictured, i thought it was a vest. the sleeves and collar are made of a contrasting type of fabric; the sleeves are a knit but fit in very well with the design of the jacket. i ordered a small because i had ordered a small in a vest made by the same manufacturer.  this jacket runs smaller, the sleeves were very tight , and overall it was just too small. had to return it.
This brand makes the best jackets. i got a vest from them last year and an olive moto jacket. both fit amazing. this one is no different. it fits great!! love that it's a great casual jacket with structure and drape. i can't say enough good things about this jacket. every time i wear it, i feel so pulled together. fun light gray color that you don't see too often in jackets. this is a jacket i see in my wardrobe for years to come. must have.
I bought this top in the black with the dobby 4" shorts in grey and wore them as a set 2 of the 3 days last weekend. mind you, i am tall, but the neckline is lovely, the smocking creates a nice close drape, and the length and the fullness in the bottom, perfectly offset the short-short concept. got lots of compliments with the 2.  i generally wear a 12 and ordered a medium which was fit nicely with enough room for a wash and dry going forward
I absolutely love this blouse. it is so soft, easy to wear and can be worn with so many things. i'm 5'3, 135 pounds and got a small (regular). i could've gone for the petite but decided to do regular. love it!
First off this jacket is more of a greenish hue in person (which i personally love over the tan). i was not sure how the sleeves would be after a few wears since they are not canvas, but they are holding up and not stretching out. there is fleece inside the sleeves for extra warmth since it is not the best layering jacket. overall, if you're considering this jacket, take the plunge like i did. order your usual size for perfect fit or size up if you're hoping to layer.
I loved this jacket it is very cute until i washed it! i followed the care instructions and it still does not wash well. the arms shrank about half an inch making them a little short, i have been rolling them up
Hi, i bought this top for my daughter. she absolutely loves it. the fabric is very substantial. it flows really nice. if i was younger i would buy one for myself. lol
Took a chance without trying it on and ordered online...i love everything about this sweater!!! fit is on the spot, details are pretty and wonderful! try it, you won't be disappointed.
This is my third marrakech jacket in as many months. i love it! i was hesitant to order it because of the beige color. luckily it is more of a green beige. it is a very flattering jacket and yes, you do want to size up. this jacket is so comfortable i usually leave it on when i get home because i don't want to take it off. i am 5'5", 34 b and the medium fits great!
Hi there,  if you are looking for a shirt you can wear all summer long; this is it! soft, a little darker than shown in the picture (which i like better), and super comfortable. it also keeps me cool in these hot june temperatures. a great blouse to throw on with shorts or white jeans, and it can easily be dressed up for casual fridays at work. it is definitely oversized, but no more so than all clothes these days. i stuck with a size small and usually wear a size 4/6 in tops. so, if you are ti
This looks just as pictured. it's comfortable but dressy. i love it!
I am really impressed with the workmanship of this jacket as well as the "fit." it really does fit me well and has a "cool" look. the quality is really worth the price. thank you retailer!!
I saw this in store, but they didn't have my size and i balked at the price. however, i kept thinking about it and once i received it from online i now think it's well worth it. the quality is very nice and it fits tts. i like that the arm materials is stretchy. i've worn this with jeans, but will also wear it with a skirt to the office. it's got enough weight to function as a light spring jacket. the color matches the photo and is a nice neutral to go with many things.
I bought this tank on a whim without trying it on in the store, in black. the detail on the front is cute and the peplum is really cute without being frumpy at all. i am usually a small, ocassionally a medium in retailer shirts and i bought this in small. it fits but i feel like i could have gone up to a medium, it's just a little tight across the chest, but i do have more broad shoulders than most so maybe it's just because of that. the fabric is nice and stretchy, so i might be able to get away
This dress is really lovely in person. the fit was perfect and the length not too short. for reference, i'm very busty at 38f and the dress actually fit! (i'm an xl usually, and the fit was tts) the only thing i'm not crazy about is the slip, it's more of a flesh toned color. i'll probably swap it out for a white one please make more like these, retailer!
This is such a beautiful dress. fell in love with it at first sight. it is very pretty. can be dressed up or down .. comes with an attached slip that is a tad longer than the dress and it shows on the bottom.. darling dress that will get lots of use this summer.
As in super comfortable and a joy to wear. i saw it online and then went to the store to try it on. the moment i put it on i knew it was for me. i missed out on getting it in the other color. i hope you get more in other colors!
Fell in love at first site, cozy and wonderful design that creates a slim line even with full figure.
Love the quality and fit! it runs small so i got one size bigger.
I absolutely love these sleepwear pants. they are lightweight, soft, good fit and quality and the design is really pretty!! a steal at this price.
Cute and super comfortable...so it's the best of both worlds. it fits true to size, but i bought a size up to add a little extra length. love the soft blue color and ruffles.
This dress is great! it's the perfect transition piece from summer to fall. it is very comfortable. the material and fit are similar to an oversized sweatshirt. overall, i love it.
I love this blouse. it's a tad more billowy than i would have thought but looks fine. to wear to work i need to wear a camisole underneath as it's a bit sheer. and the button at the back of the neck broke immediately, but is still functional. the decorative part fell off. they give you a replacement button so if i decide it matters i'll sew that one on.  i absolutely love the blue stitching on this and how crisp it is. i didn't realize it was dry clean only but that doesn't bother me.
After seeing an influx of this dress in my instagram feed i decided to go ahead and purchase it last weekend. i'm usually leery with the length of swing dresses, for instance the endora swing dress (paper crown) is a touch too short for my taste in petite sizing. either way, i decided to go ahead and purchase this dress in petite considering no previous reviews mentioned the length of the dress to be an issue.   typically, i take a size 0 or xs in retailer clothing. i ordered a size 0 petite and
The price was worth the splurge, free shipping and a special discount helped. the minute i laid my eyes on this sweater i was hooked. light, airy weight and that handmade texture make the overall design something special. this is the kind of sweater that has enduring style. the big kangaroo pockets scared me a little, which i have determined to be not a distraction after trying it on.
I just bought this pretty dress at my local retailer after finally deciding to go in the store to try it on. once i saw it on display in the window in the lilac, i already knew i was going to try that one on and take it home though i really love both colors and prints. the dress fit me tts (sz 6, 34d-27-35) and looks absolutely adorable on! it's super soft, light weight but not so much that you don't feel it's worth the price and the design reminds me of the retailer i love. it has a wonderful vinta
This is a gorgeous bathing suit. the colours are more brilliant than the ones in the picture, and much more beautiful. comfortable, chic, and unique
Tried this is my normal 4, and it fits exactly as shown. i can see how this could give issues to someone with any curves because the lining is definitely more fitted than the loose overlay, especially in the bust and hips. i found the quality to be very nice, length was slightly above the knee on my 5'7" frame so it feels work-appropriate. my only wish is that the colors/pattern could transition better to multiple seasons. it definitely feels very springy and not much else.
I cannot say enough about these pajama pants. they're beautiful and crazy comfortable. it's a nice change from black or grey. i also love that there are no pockets because i hate how they jut out on me. i wanted a petite l because i am short, but the regular large is fine. i just wear them higher up on my hips. i normally wait for sales on sleepwear, but i couldn't resist on these. they're well worth the investment!
I bought this in the store because it was irresistible. generally i only buy sale merchandise but this item is unlikely to ever hit the sale racks. the colors are delicious - they go with everything in the grey-rose-blue pallet. the fabric is superb, heavy and glossy, good for cold weather. the size is generous in the upper body (not so much in the hips). i usually take a small or medium. there were only smalls left in the store so i couldn't try an xs. the reversible inside fabric is a complete
Definitely shorter than expected, but a super light, airy, and comfy dress for summer nights. a must for summer dinner parties!!!
I bought this after eyeing it for months, when it went on sale! the colors are bright and so pretty! the blue very warm, flattering in intensity. this pattern is very unique and the suit is well made. there is some stretch, making it not a chore to pull on.  the bust padding is minimal (like a tshirt bra) best for a & small b cups. no underwire no shaping in cups. the halter has enough room to be comfortable and secure. i felt this fit more like a 0 on the bottom (hips) and a 2 for top portion,
This vest was a must-have the minute i saw it! i usually stick to the sale section, but this was a worthy exception. i love the reversible option! i bought the matching leggings as well, and have worn them with the smaller floral motif...so many compliments! i teach barre, so i figured i would wear this to and from the studio, but i find myself reaching for it to go over all my regular clothes too! the only draw back is the zipper. i'm sure its because it is reversible, however, the zipper hasn'
So nice to switch it up from all my black and gray sweats. these are luxuriously soft, and so so comfortable. they are light weight and beautiful. i am 5'5 , 125 and i am very happy with the size xs i purchased . was deciding between xs and s and i am happy i went with the xs. worth every penny. you won't regret. also , finally - perfect length .
Beautiful warm vest. originally bought small but had to exchange for extra small. i love that it reversible and has a hood.
Seeking the perfect "go-to" dress? this one will work for day or night, and it's an ideal match for transition seasons. the best part? the cut. swing dresses and shifts can "tent" my slightly "top-heavy" frame. this dress brags a side-zipper and slight tapering through waist to create an a-line. the small petite fits tts for me at 5'4 size 2 to 4. the fabric is a high-quality, textured fabric - wrinkle free, and a great pick for travel. best investment i've made this spring.
Saw this in store and knew i gotta have it! beautiful colors and slimming effect.
These pants are great. i am 5'6" and 133lbs. i normally wear medium for athletic bottoms. medium fits well except knee pit area. maybe because they are not very stretching fabric. however, they are still flattering. the material was thick enough and their print hides underwear lines.
I saw this dress in the lilac at the store and loved it immediately! the picture on the website does not do it justice.
Beautiful and very versatile dress. extremely forgiving for post baby bodies, while stylish and classy.
These super cute leggings are comfortable and functional with a fun design!
After seeing this dress online i wanted to try it on and was not disappointed when i did. even though the coral color dress of the same style was pretty it wasn't the right color for me. i absolutely love the blue and white dress! i usually wear a size 8 but found the 6 was more flattering. i'm 5'2" and the length was perfect - above the knee but not too high. love it!
Adorable & comfortable. i'm 5'3" and 115 lbs and ordered an xs. it hits at my knees & is loose fitting, but not tent like.
I couldn't resist this basic white button down with the cute side buttons that added some interest. i bought my usual size large and it fit perfectly. the soft substantial fabric from cloth and stone never disappoints. i love the longer cut since i'm 5-10 and love a long shirt to hide the belly pudge. the blue is darker than the online picture shows and i'll probably be going back for that but at almost $100 i'm hoping it'll go on sale.
I love this dress. it is the kind of dress that i dream about. the feel is young and carefree. typically i love swing dresses on the tall thin models pictured but when i try them on i simply look frumpy. this dress is an exception. i have the lilac version and the fabric color and pattern enhance the boho pixie fairy aesthetic. for reference i am 5'4" 122 lbs...average build a little busty 34dd. only the 6 was in stock so that is the size i ordered even though i wanted to try the 4. the 6 has en
This dress is adorable! it fits loose and is not at all fitted, with the exception of the under cami lining. the picture showing front and back is being pulled to fit. :/ it fits like the model wearing the purple. my local store was out of my normal size so i sized up which really made no difference at all. the biggest difference would be the under cami. the dress is flowy and airy. one of the best casual dresses retailer has had in a long time. obviously, the blue is sold out till may. this can b
This is a really nice white button-up top. per usual, the cloth ant stone material is awesome! ... and a machine washable blouse! the side buttons are a really cute feature as well. i found this top fit true to size, and i took my usual xs.
Comfortable, decent quality and very casual
I am quite happy with this dress! i was wondering what the colors would look like in person, and i'm happy to report that the skirt is a nice mellow orange-coral. beautiful detail in the patterns used here, and i always like a dress that has great color-play close up and far away. for reference, i am a size 16, full figured, with a 40 c bust, and the size 16 was just right for me. sometimes with maeve dresses you can size down, but there is no stretch to the dress, or the slip, so that is someth
Sometimes i feel like i have to try on the dresses that sell out super fast, just out of curiosity. and sometimes, they're surprise hits, like this one. i tried on the purple/black/blue option, and i had to have it. it is boxy through the torso, but the length keeps it from being too cutesy--it's pretty short. i'm just 5'5", and i'm not sure this is work appropriate without tights. i may have to try, though, as otherwise it's a great workable dress for summer--not too tight or revealing in the b
I absolutely love this dress!! i bought it in the blue , the brown and the pink colors.. it is incredibly flattering. the one interesting thing that i found is that the pink dress seemed to run smaller than the other colors. so happy with the style and i have gotten so many compliments when i where them :)
I bought one of each color. love them all! they fit well and are very soft. washing and drying them are not a big issue either. i didn't notice any shrinking. i wear xs and s depending on the fabric and cut. for this, i bought a small. (i'm 34a, ~125 lbs, 5'8".) it's loose and flowy without being overly baggy. the tail of the shirt reaches just below my butt. if you're going to wear this with a pencil skirt or low rise jeans, the buttons on the side might get in the way a little. but that doesn'
It is a beautiful dress, light and delicate. i got my usual xsmall ( 5'4" 34c, 134 lbs). it comes with a slip and the slip is a bit fitted. it worked for me, but i can see this being an issue. it can easily be resolved with any other ivory or nude slip. it is worth it. very cute dress.
I saw this online and thought it was so pretty--so i ordered a large even though i'm usually a medium in retailer shirts. i thought i might need the extra room to layer. i was in the store returning something and they had a medium and a large so i tried both and the large was way too big in my shoulders and chest even with a sweater! the medium was a little tight in my hips-but still fit. overall the medium was more flattering on me. so i recommend ordering your regular size. it is such a pretty v
I've wanted a vest for the past few years and could never find the perfect one until now. the material is perfect and the colors are amazing. it's definitely a vest that you can wear all year. i would 100% recommend this.
Beautifully made, well constructed and kangaroo pouch gives it character. turtleneck is very low, sweater is very appealing. great buy, especially when on sale.
The fit on this dress is super flattering! i am not normally able to wear a sheath but i felt great in this one. i am definitely a pear shape, bigger on the bottom than the top. one of the things i really love about this dress is that the size that fits me through the hips fits me on top. this is not often the case. i am not sure how this would work on someone with a large bust or an apple body type but i felt great in it. i also love the colors. i bought the green and blue. i have worn it once
This is such a good dress to just throw on and go! the inside is lined with fleece so it's basically a giant sweatshirt. it does run large. i normally wear a medium and i bought the small but could have bought the xs if the difference in length between the two hadn't been about a foot. (i am tall). the color is actually a light mint, not the grayish blue it appears in the picture. overall a great purchase though.
I was so excited to receive this dress! it even has embroidered loops on the hem of the slip underneath which was such a cute detail. it's very pretty on. that being said, i ordered a size 4 which fit me perfectly (150 lbs) but ladies, i do not mean this in any way but in my personal opinion, my arms are out of shape. not toned and flabby. the sleeves on this dress will not do you any justice. it will make your arms look worse because of the shape of the sleeve. so keep that in consideration if
This dress makes you feel like a little kid. it certainly helps that it is an excellent twirling dress, for sure. i wish it had a little more definition to the waist--it just barely works for larger chested women, definitely on the line from being a little too baby doll shapeless. the colors are so beautiful and the fabric so light that it's hard to pass this one up. it's just too beautiful. i recommend it, but it's probably not for everyone.
...on this great vest. i wear it all the time. it's soft, pretty, warm and durable. love!
This is a gorgeous lace dress, well made, true to size. a little tight in the neck but not unbearable. lovely for any occasion. i got this to wear to a fancy wedding, it will be my go to dress for fancy occasions.
I wasn't sure about the dress on the rack. lace can either look amazing or make you look like a doily. it was on sale so i figured why not? let's try it on. it is gorgeous on. true to size. i am usually a 0 and the 0 fits me perfectly. the quality and tailoring is amazing. it is a heavier dress with the lace and lining so it may not work on a super hot day. overall, i love the fit and quality of the dress. i love it even more on sale!
This dress is absolute perfection. the quality of the dress is great, the fit is comfortable and it's such a fun summer dress. the slip underneath fits perfectly the outer layer is delicate yet durable.
I saw this dress in the store in the coral color and tried it on. i am 5'4", 34b, and slender to athletic build. i wear the size 2 in this dress. as far as sizes go for retailer, i would say it is tts. the slip fits like it should and the dress is flowing. it is not see through as were some of the other silk dresses this summer. it feels so comfortable and makes me feel pretty. it is a flowing dress and meant to fit that way. i waited for it to go on sale and the day it did i purchased it!!!
This dress is really sweet and flows well. i love the fabric, and the colors are soft. this dress is perfect for hot summ days and is so comfortable. you could dress it up with fun sandals or simple wear flip flops. i love how the seam around the bodice drops lower in the back, it's very flattering. i bought a small.
I love everything about this vest! comfortable and cute, great transition piece into spring.
I fell in love with the dress when i saw it but i was worried about a few things before ordering it. one comment mentioned that the slip underneath was tight in the hips, yet as a size 30 in pants the slip was still fine. the other concern was the length. i was worried that the dress would be very short compared to my height, however, it was a good length in the front and the back was came down longer than the front which helped the overall length. overall, i ordered a size 6 and it fit well in
So much prettier in person. love it! i'm a size 2 in retailer and a small in this vest, even over a sweater still left quite a bit of room.
Bought this because i don't have a puffer vest and living in san diego, i wanted a layering piece. it's much cuter on, but it does like much of retailer's clothes run a bit small. got tons of compliments on it when i wore it while shopping round town. very pricey but since the hood detaches and it's reversible, i guess it's worth it! (treat yo'self!)
Comfortable and true to size. it fits more fitted on the top and very swingy/flowy on the bottom. i got a petite and the length was perfect. if you like to wear very high heels you may want to go with a regular as its a tad short.
First, this picture does not do this shirt justice. in fact, the hanger does not do this shirt justice. you must try this shirt on! it drapes so well. not as soft as some cloth & stone tops, but it is still very soft. the slightly stiffer feel makes it easier to dress up. there's no pockets, which is nice in a button down. it drapes in a very flattering way. i've never been happier with a cloth&stone garment. i normally wear a small in this brand, and that is true for this top as well. however,
This dress is extremely feminine. the liner is the unsung hero here: it's cleverly designed to be fitted because on a windy day and the dress flies up, it's a saving grace; it has snap buttons and can be detached, the fabric is opaque so the dress is not see-through. the fabric of the dress is sheer, soft and smooth, and i thought it was silk until i read the tag which listed as viscose. the details of this dress is breathtaking, from the flower design (check out the bottom horizontal lines of t
Purchased this today at my local retailer-been eyeing it a while-thinking i would wait until on sale-until the salesgirl whom i know said it was their second shipment and all have sold out. knew i needed to splurge. i tried on the small and x small and wound up going for the small. i did however try on 3 smalls and two of them were way to roomy, but the third one fit like a charm-it was quite a bit slimmer in body than the two smalls, strange but true. i do have room in it-i am a 32 c to 36 b and
I wasn't sure about this dress because some of retailer's cloths can make a women appear older before her time. i have to say that is not the case with this dress. i ordered it with the green and mint patterns in my normal size 2. this dress could not have been more beautiful on. i'm 5'6 115lbs and it fit perfect. the colors really compliment my dark hair and fair skin. i won't even need sunless tanner. i highly recommend this dress and placed the designer on my list to try out again.
This dress is to die for. it's exactly as pictured, beautiful quality and extremely flattering. all the lace and lining make it a slightly heavier dress - i can imagine it getting really warm after a while in the summer sun. but it would absolutely be worth the bit of sweat to wear this gorgeous dress.
I love this top. lovely, light, airy material, though i don't think i'll wear a cami under it. i'm usually a small petite so i ordered this in an extra small. i love the way it fits.
This is even nicer in person than it is online. i absolutely love it. i am 5' 5" and 128 lbs. and ordered my usual size small. i probably could have worn an extra small, but don't feel like the small is too big. this could be my favorite purchase of the season.
For me this is the perfect blouse. alone or with a cardigan it's a winner. not too low cut, armholes are perfect. i would buy other colors if they were available.
I bought this top in a size 6 - i'm 5'5" with a longer torso. i thought at first that this would be too boxy and cropped but it fits very well and it still covers my stomach when i raise my arms up. the material is on the thicker side so it's a little more structured which i think gives it a nice look and drape. i feel like i could wear this shirt out on a casual day or to work with a blazer over it to dress it up more. i highly recommend it especially since the material is linen and cotton whic
The quality of this jacket is outstanding. color combination is very chic and sophisticated. jacket is warm but not bulky.
This casual top is adorable! a great top for jeans, linen pants or shorts! it would be cute with skirts too.  i love the heavy feel of the fabric. too many fabrics today are thin and/or clingy. this is soft, but is substantial. it works well on my body-type. tall, thin, without much figure. it's not cheap, but something i'll likely keep for a few years.
Great fit. colors look just like the pic. not too heavy but, warm and cozy.
I actually rather like this top, i ordered a size smaller than usual, based on how flowy it looks in the picture, and was quite pleased. the pink color is rich, and i love the cut work... it has a bit of a sparkle in it, and is very pretty and flattering on the back. it does swing out a lot, but i ended up half tucking it. the pink color is very nice. it is gauze material, so of course, it is thin. i usually buy 0 but this 00 was great. also, there was no petite in the pink, so can't comment on
I found this top in the roc center store and knew i had to have it! when my usual size 2 was unavailable, i sized down to a 0 because it looked plenty big and it fits fine. i bought the ivory color and love it! i plan on wearing it with pants as well as skirts. it's a lovely shade of ivory, quite flattering. boxy tops are often not for me, but this one is perfect!
I love this shirt. i bought it in both black and white and i get compliments every time i wear it. i totally recommend this top! it's a great material and easy to wear with a lot of different bottoms.
Get this one during the 20% sale. if you dry clean it, you will have it forever!
The quality of this blouse is great. a bit on the thick side which i like. the fronts a bit shorter than the back. looks great with joggers or jeans. great neckline and design. i bought this in black and wore it with camo pants and sandals. love it!
This top is very well made. nice heavy material for those in between days. the back is slightly longer than the front and it is well finished inside. i ordered a 00 which fits great in the body area, but a little tight on my arms. still a keeper!
The picture does no justice to this stellar piece. its extremely comfortable and looks extremely chic!!! its very 1970's , studio 54 look and ive received tons of compliments!!!! at the price point, its worth it!!!!!
I found this top to be quite flattering.........the slight give in the outer straps is necessary to allow for arm movement without issue. i did not find it to diminish the aesthetic value. i purchased it in white and loved it so much that i ordered the black also....not much of a pink person or i would have gotten that one too! classic with a bit of a casual edge. a must get!
Super simple top that's comfy. i like a looser fit and its boxy- both things i like. seems like it will be a staple piece.
Love this top! it hits at the top of the waist & is very flattering. the fabric is thicker than i thought it would be and had a deep texture. when i first took it out of the package, i thought it would be a "send-back" because it looked kind of square & shapeless. but once on, it took on a whole other look.
Saw this top on-line and thought i would give it a try. i am glad i did. there is not a thing wrong with this top. cute design, nice weight fabric,(no cami needed underneath) and it fits very well. for reference i am 5' 1", 120lbs. and 35c. and of course it goes with literally every piece of clothing you would wear on the bottom half of your body! this is a keeper.
Love this top! with swing/loose tops, i always size down. i'm 5'1", 115, 34b, and took a 0. it fit very well, i tried a 2 on as well and i could see what the other reviewers were saying about the top part not laying flat. so size down if you can! i got white so i use a nude bandeau bra with it, works well!
This is a really unique and well made top. i saw it online and thought it would be boxy. but when i tried it on in my local retailer it fits perfectly and i love the shape. i bought the size small. i will say this is not a long shirt, skims just over the belt line so i will be careful when laundering. i will be getting a lot of wear out of this.
Goes with absolutely everything. it's very comfortable and versatile. can be dressed up or dressed down. great thing to have in the closet when you don't know what to wear!
I held my breath as i slid this on for the first time right out of the package; the size 8 was perfect for me (usual medium, size 8, short-waisted, 34f)! this blouse is truly a find: luxurious linen in a unique, appealing design, excellent fit (the pleat at the back gives nice room to make the fit just right, the v-neck is not too deep (thankfully bra friendly!), the slightly lower back length is stylish but not extreme, and finally, admirable craftsmanship. i highly recommend! this will feel di
This sweater is the kind of find i hope for when i browse the retailer website or walk into the store. i tried two sizes -- i sometimes wear an s and sometimes an xs these days -- and after trying them both i felt that with this sweater it was better to err on the side of snugness. the hooks and eyes pull a bit, but i won't be fastening this all the way to the top. the smaller size works better to hug my waist before the peplum flares out. the color is a dreamy pinky nude (more pink than nude), an
Love this poncho - plan to take it to europe this fall. warm and cozy yet not constricting. great neutral color!
This skirt is great for the office, but also stylish enough to wear out to drinks/dinner afterwards. i think it fits a little big - i'm usually s and i ended up with an xs.  i think the tan is a little cuter than the gray in person, so i would recommend this one.
Love this skirt because of the colors, the unique style, and for a knit skirt i'm very impressed that it maintains shape throughout the day. great skirt to own. received several compliments. had to size up from a 2 to a 4. 28" waist and 36" hips. the size 2fit snugly and not very appropriate for work, but great for a night out. the size 4 is still form fitting, flattering and work appropriate. very comfortable going up a size without compromising the form fit.
This sweater is beautifully detailed, however, it seems too spring like to be for sale before christmas. very pretty. the cut may not be for everyone. it is like a peplum on the bottom and looks best open, as shown, on my busty top (36d) it seems cut slightly large but i am keeping my usual size medium. i'll keep for early spring! colors are as shown, detail better in person.
This is a beautiful sweater.
This cardigan is not my usual color choice, but the details were so beautiful i had to buy it when i saw it at the store. the birds and flowers are detailed with sparkly little beads that are prettier in reality than you can see in these photos. it's also a versatile piece that can be worn in many ways and dressed up or down. i'm only 5'1" but i didn't need the petite (which is good since it is sold out in petite). the sleeves are cropped so they don't hang too low for me. the sweater is hand wa
This is a great looking sweater. very nice quality and is a great design. can wear with many colors. love the look of this sweater and how it lays with the extra attachment on the bottom of it to make it kinda have a floating and airy look. nice!!!!.
This skirt is nicer in person. the fit is a little strange. the waist is tts but rest of the skirt runs a size large. i am a curvy size 8 and purchased the 6 based on another review. the waist is a tad snug but overall the skirt fits. it's too beautiful to return.
I was uncertain about purchasing this dress. wow so glad that i did. i'm 5'5" and 138lbs. i can wear a small or medium so i ordered both. the small was plenty big enough. wore it to a family event and received numerous compliments. so different from anything else and classy with the longer length. thanks for a great dress! i hope that it cleans well!
I ordered this in the "chocolate" color which is really a pinkish/taupe-brown. but i love the color; it's neutral yet not too pale, just the right hue to go with almost any color and the style works with any outfit, from jean shorts to a dress. i love how soft the knit is. although i worry it might be prone to snag, especially the open-weave sections. i also love that the sleeves are full length, fitted enough to be pushed up on my forearms yet i can pull them down past my wrists when i am chill
This dress is so cute and comfortable. i'm normally a 0 or 2 and the xs is plenty roomy even though this is a clingy knit. the nice cotton under slip hides all the bumps and bulges. only worry is whether or not the loose weave will pick and how it will clean but so far i am thrilled.
Unique and well-made skirt, sure to turn heads.  embroidery is lovely.  def a statement piece for any wardrobe.
This runs large. i usually wear a m so i ordered the m/l. reordering in next size down and hope that helps. i gave it 5 stars because the knit is beautiful and quality looked great.
Love this sweater. it can look dressy or just right with jeans! now if it will just cool down i can wear it!
I am petite, 5'2" - purchased the xsmall and it is a little big, but had to have this!! i would say runs a bit large. i think it will be a great addition to any wardrobe.
While i wouldn't normally look at this piece, the price was unbeatable. i was even more impressed when it arrived and i tried it on! the design is reminiscent of an old time patchwork quilt fairy tale- more beautiful in person than in the pic. the covered buttons at the neck and wrists are just lovely and feminine, and the dress falls and flows around me in a fun and flirty way. i paired it with charcoal heather tights and dark gray booties- super cute! you won't regret it.
I wasn't sure if this dress would hang correctly on me and make me look shapeless but i'm so happy with it! the fabric is so comfortable and the tie in the back really helps draw it in so my waist is defined. the length is great and it's super comfortable but looks polished!
This dress is beautiful and surprisingly flattering. i never would've picked this up for myself, but i'm so glad i did. it's also super comfortable.
I love paige jeans and these are no exception. the wash is so so great - a faded black/charcoal grey. it's like having two pairs of jeans in one! i am normally a 26 in most jeans and that's what i took in these. highly recommend!
I am 5'8" 140 lbs and the m fits perfectly. it is flowy and feminine but the tie in the back keeps it from looking boxy. pattern is really nice. great dress!
This dress is amazing! it's perfect for a casual family or friend get together, or a fall dress with boots. the back ties to make it more flattering than just a shift dress. quality of the dress is great, and the material is very versatile.
These jeans look better in person - the pattern is more subtle than the picture online. these run true to size for ag denim.
Hi, these are really nice. the material is thick. they will probably be warm in the heat. they are made of 100% polyester. if they were made out of linen they would be perfect.
This dress is very pretty. i love it! people are not kidding about the buttons! i was prepared to reinforce them after it arrived. unfortunately, both buttons at the wrists were missing and they were not in the bag. it was on sale so i'm guessing they were lost before shipping. i love the dress enough to keep it. it will not be that big of a deal to replace them. besides the buttons, the dress is a very nice quality. it is lined and has a nice weight to it. i'm obsessed with rifle paper co. so i
The fabric pattern is darling. i wore it in amsterdam and was told it looks like a traditional folk pattern. the dress is lightweight and is loose at the waist. sometimes i add a belt to cinch it in.  like another reviewer said, the buttons do pop off easily. i lost one at the cuff on the first day i wore the dress.
I'm 5'2 & the length is fine except i'd probably hem if i used for yoga/pilates. but i prefer cropped for those activities, so these are just knock a round lounge pants for me. they are thin, but not in a cheap way. i don't understand why they're called french terry became that's not what i see/feel; but they are sumptuous & soft. i like that the fold over waist part is stitched & keeps its shape. for size reference, , i got the black xxs- i'm 115 lbs, athletic apple & they fit/look great & clin
I bought this on a whim because the colors were so me and fell in love with the bows and button back. i wore this over a lace peplum and opened up the bottom buttons of the button back for a fun layered look. true to size, as i was in my normal size small (5'5", 135lbs, 34c). definitely check this out in person.
I am a sucker for bows, so decided to try this one and ordered it. i went with the petite, without trying on the regular size (in hindsight, i should have ordered both), but tit fit very nicely in petite, so keeping it. length is as on the model, right at hip, the colros of hte bow are well represented on the picture, light pink, light mustard yellow and navy, so i stil lthink it is neutral ebough to mix with other colors: warm or cold palette. love hte button detial in the back, i ordered xs an
I tried this one on in the store and my typical xs fit perfect. it's not too boxy in the waist like every other sweater this season. also the mock neck is not to wide and is flattering. it sheds which i do not like but not as bad as some. the material is thin but warm i would layer it.
I fell in love with the color and peplum design of this top online, and decided to order it. the fabric is soft, but strong, and the color is just as pictured. perfect for a casual shopping day or lunch date out with friends.
I absolutely adore this shirt, it is such a comfortable material and goes great with a pair of jeans! i love how it fits tightly in the sleeves and flows out at the bottom just the right amount. i highly recommend adding this to your wardrobe.
I pretty much love any sweater by moth. this one is no exception. soft, lofty, and a pretty shade (i bought in pink), this will be a cold weather staple.
I love the fleetwood style...very trendy...fit like a dream - very long for you leggy gals. me, i need to hem (these would also look cute as cutoffs for us shorties)...true to size - slim fit!
Super comfy cotton top, will be great for hot summer days when my shoulders have had enough sun!
Great mock neck fits well and looks great with pants and skirts!! also love the dark grey color!!
Love this top! the length is perfect and it is very stylish! hope it will come in other colors because i would buy more!!
5'7", 135, 34c, 27-28 waist. love. a thin pullover (early fall weight) great for layering or on its on. darling with a skirt or jeans. buttons down the back for looks. bought the small. tts. fits like in the picture - hits at the hip. colors in photo are accurate. would be darling oversized too. it has just the right amount of fun without entering the stratosphere of crazy-cat-lady level. no bows on the back. i'd hand wash this one. if you still love bows, but don't want to be mistaken for being
This dress is so flattering and just beautiful in person. love it!
I'm an employee and bought this top today. i'm so happy i ended up buying it on a whim! it's adorable and super comfy! it's perfect for those jeans and a tee day! i can't wait to wear it to work. the color is gorgeous and the peplum adds a feminine detail without being too puffy...in love!
I liked this as soon as i saw it. the cross stitch embroidery on the front adds a lot to the usual striped top. the fir is good, not too right or lose. i took a size medium, which was good for my 5' 140 lb frame. the 100% cotton was a plus for me, also. the thing i like the post about retailer is the uniqueness of the clothing. i don't feel like i see myself all over town.
I washed this on the delicate cycle and air dried - very happy to report that it washed very well and still looks new!
It's soft and not itchy at all (itchy sweater is my all time nightmare). the design makes you feel like a snow princess. i am 5'3, 120lbs, 34dd bra and take this in size small.
I can not speak highly enough about this shirt. i originally bought the navy one and then went back to purchase the other two colors. the material is soft and thin without being flimsy. the fit is very flattering.
Versatile piece to finish out your look. love how it goes with so much of my wardrobe. simple, comfortable, and classic.
Love the cutouts and embroidered detail of this top. it swings away from the body due to the crisp cotton drape. perfect for summer!
Soft, comfy and cute! great for casual wear! should've bought in more colors
This dress is especially beautiful in person. the tulle doesn't snag and lays nice and flat, not point. this dress is easy to dress up or dress down, fits comfortably and has some stretch to it. the bodice does run a little high, higher than what is shown in the model picture, but lovely nonetheless.
I found this top at the beginning of the summer and waited until it was on sale to snag it but honestly wish i had gotten it sooner and paid full price. it's perfect with navy shorts or white jeans and can dress up or dress down. it's a little bit short on the bottom but definitely still flattering. i would recommend it to anybody looking for something to throw on for an easy outfit. definitely worth the sale price!
I loved this dress. i am 5 ft tall and usually wear xs. this dress i would definitely need an xxs in. i like things not too tight, but this was too roomy so the style was lost. it was a little long, but i think that is because it kind of hung on me. the material is light but substantial. it has a lot of stretch to it, which is very nice. it has a silky feel - could be worn dressy or every day. a very good dress all around. waiting for the xxs to come in - i would definitely recommend it.
This dress is the perfect combination of beauty and comfort. the quality is excellent with a forgiving fit. it could be paired with black heels for a formal look or flats for a an easy date night. i just cannot say enough positive things about it!
I love the color combination, and the bodice is very falttering. it has a tiny bit of stretch. the tulle is also feminine, i love that i could wear this with a moto jacket... sizing: no need for petite, it was short enough in regualr size. i think petite would have been too short (unless you are younger:-))
I love this top--the fabric, the color, they way it hangs. i'm glad i tried it on in the store though because the v on the small went waaay too low, so i sized down to an xs and it was perfect. it basically fit the same as the small but with a higher v so my bra wouldn't show.
This dress is very pretty, versatile and high quality! i'm planning to wear it to a wedding. with the holiday season coming up, i will definitely get to use it as well. the fabric is very comfortable especially the top part; it's very soft. i usually wear an xs petite, this dress seems to be a liiiiiittle too long for me and the waist is a tiny bit too loose from how i like it but it's manageable. (i have this dress in ivory top)
Beautiful and different material, like it a lot. very happy with the purchase.
I don't even know where to begin--this is a dress for all seasons, but especially the holiday season! i bought it specifically for the guise of a holiday part, i can't tell you what a (black) velvet blazer and (black) patent leather heels did for it! the amazing part is that i wore it to work with a cardigan and booties with no problem. my coworkers were amazed but its transition. i have a slim velvet belt with a antique-ish looking clasp that i wore all day with it, too, and that was the cherry
I love these jeans, they have a great high waist thats tapered and supersexy, long legs and some stretch but not to much. the distressing is perfect and the wash nice and dark. i'll be wearing these alot.
This top has so many details. i love the material. it adds a little formal to the casual jean. i am waiting to wear this come fall weather with slim jeans and some boots. it gives me that old victorian vibe without being still and formal.
I love this flirty, well fitted dress! quality material!
Love it! i usually wear a small but i just went to our local store and they only had a medium. i tried it on just in case and it fit perfectly. it is sitting pretty in my closet now. :) so if you are a size small, try ordering a medium and i hope it works for you as well.
Great little black dress for cooler evenings with boots, or dress down with a pair of flats for daytime. perfect fall dress!
I was apprehensive because of the long tail at the back of this shirt, but it is very pretty with capris.
This dress is perfection! very flattering and pretty.
I bought this dress for my engagement photo shoot and rehearsal dinner and it's beautiful! it's delicate and feminine, without being too girly or frilly. very simplistic. and probably the comfiest piece of clothing i own! my only con is that i'm a little tall and it doesn't hit me completely on the waist, but it's still very flattering.
This skirt has a beautiful style, cut and pattern. i am so surprised it is on sale - what a great price. it has a medium sweater knit that is not clingy and has a slight flair. looks great with boots!
Got this 4 days ago and have worn it 3 of those days. it is a perfect, beautiful autumn dress. the fabric is textured and slightly color-varied in a way that gives the black a more charcoal depth. the fabric is a thin sweater knit -- because of the texture it looks thicker than it is and i had hoped it would be thicker but i actually think if it were thicker it would not have the movement it does, nor would it be as figure-flattering. despite its thinness, it is still warm. would buy this in oth
Super cute and more fitted than the baggy overalls of yesteryear. i love them.
I didn't buy it for the longest time based on the other reviews but i finally did and i love it. great color, great quality, great fit. oh and great price too! i say - go for it.
Love this blazer. you can wear it with anything. fits well and lightweight. perfect for south florida.
I know it's a bit of a moot point since the chemise has sold out - but on the off chance any come back in stock, or if you see one at your local store - i urge you to try it on! the fabric is incredible. so luxurious. it fits me amazingly. i have a hard time with the whole tight chemise/slip/nightie category of clothing, as i'm fairly skinny, but still curvy, and while i love my curves, i do have a muffin top that can get real awkward when you're trying to look sexy. this, however, is a godsend.
I am pleased with this skirt. the jean material is of good quality and it hangs right on my waist and hips. i ordered a 2 which left a little room in the waist to tuck in a blouse. i am 5/5 and 119. it works well for work and leisure.
I bought these in my usual size 28 and they were much too loose so i returned them. i definitely need a 27 (39 inch hips, 33 low waist, 31 waist). i have lost a few pounds but i am usually a size 4-6 in pants. even loose i can see the pants are flattering and long enough for my leggy 5' 9" frame. they are still cropped but i would say look much the same as on the model. if you are shorter, i think the petite option would be necessary to achieve a cropped look. the material is not bright white wi
Love this top, dramatic in a casual way. i ordered the teal and love love love it....with skinny jeans or leggings the style is perfect ! i am over 50, so the teal is gorgeous and i think very age appropriate. i ordered the blue also, a very pretty shade of blue.........but felt in this style, the bright/light colors would be more appropriate for someone younger. it's a stunning top...........and fits very true to size..........the drama of the ruffle is what sets it apart.. hoping they do
Great denim color and fit. gives a nice feel to the waist.
Women who want some flutter without too much fullness
I love this tee but it isn't for everyone. i am usually a solid medium & i tried on both xs/s. i went w the small bc i liked the volume.  for reference, i'm 5'6" and wear a medium/size 8-10.   not thinking this is for small petite women as the peplum hem is poplin, not tee knit material so it holds its shape. on my frame it was so cute. got the holly color.
I purchased this top at my local store this past weekend, and i have to say i already know it will become an easy, go-to top. it does run large, so consider that when choosing what size to order. i generally wear a medium, but purchased a small in this top.
These pants are simply darling! i purchased them with my birthday discount (thank you, retailer!) and even without a discount i think they are worth every penny. flattering, and the most important feature of any pant, makes my butt look good. don't hesitate, buy these today before they are out of stock.   the fit is true to size and the material is of excellent quality.
I think i wanted a skirt like this in the 1980s. with its aged denim and retro style, it looks like i've had it all that time. i couldn't zip my usual 4 but the 6 is comfortable if a bit snug, sitting right at my natural waist. it's flattering and shows off my waist with tops tucked in, something i never do with my other skirts, which all sit lower. i like how it flares a little oddly due to the horizontal seam. it's interesting and different. i will wear it in summer with sandals and it will lo
I followed everyone's advice in the reviews and ordered up one size. i have a 32 inch waist, but size 10's (and 30's in pilcro hyphens) usually fit me. i ordered the 12 in this skirt, and it fits perfect. it's form fitting at waist and hips and then flares out, but i'm curvy. if you are straighter, it will be looser around the hips. i love the length. it hits me mid calf, so a bit lower than it does on the model. i'm 5'5" tall. the fabric is soft, but has no stretch. it's 100% cotton. there is a
While this top does fit very loose, it is very cute and can be relaxed or you can dress it up. it is shorter in the front and longer in the back which makes the shirt take on a flattering look. i bought the green color and it is a very rich color, it will be perfect for fall! you may consider ordering a size down if your regular size tends to fit loose.
I adore this top. it is super soft, drapes nicely, and looks great with a ton of different bottoms. i am 5'4", 104 lbs., and ordered this in both xs (my usual size), and s. i ended up keeping the s (most cloth & stone xs tops swim on me, so i was a little surprised), but glad i tried both. my only concern is how it will hold up after washing it. it is a gauze-like material, and i just hope i can get a long life out if this top.
I had my eye on this skirt online but it sold it out in my size 2 so i ordered a 0 and crossed my fingers. before it arrived, i happened across a size 2 at my retailer store that someone had returned. it fit perfectly. i am 5'6" and my waist is 25/26. it is high waisted but i thought that added to the fit and made it stand out from the usual black skirt. it fit my waist and hips./butt fine. it is quality material and has a structured fit and great length. it is unique and classic. i can see this b
I saw this blouse and had to have it. i ordered my usual size large and was shocked at how big it was. it looked like a maternity top on me, so i sized down to medium. it fit much better and i was able to fully appreciate how gorgeous the colors were and how feminine and pretty the mock neck was. i definitely recommend it, but suggest to size down for a better fit.
This top is well made and fits me like a glove. i am only 5'1" but have a very muscular build. the xs fits perfectly--slimming around the torso but roomy enough in the shoulders and arms. the fabric is a nice upgrade from typical flannel.
This top looks even better in person! the fit is very flattering and the fabric is comfortable. i highly recommend it!
I was hesitant to buy this dress due to there not being any reviews, but decided to take a chance and order it. it is fabulous!!! great fit, off the shoulder design stays in place, and the dress hits the smallest part of my waist perfectly. the lace detail on the hem and the tassels on the ties are details that sets this dress apart. i wish that it was made in another color, perhaps a solid. you all hit this one out of the park, retailer!!!
I love this blouse with a pair of jeans. the neckline is fairly deep but very flattering and feminine. the detail is beautiful.
I love this skirt, wanted to order it from the moment it was new and took em a while to decide to do so (when i saw it was almost sold out in my size, which it is now). another thing is it doesn't come in petite - boohoo. anyway, ordered the 0 (smallest size) for my 26.5 in waist - didn't have any trouble with the waist being too tight, like some other reviewers. it fit really well and comfortably. sits at the natural waist, so the hem isn't too crazy low on me. fine for heels (would be so cute
It fits great! i love the material and how it fits and drapes.
I got the small petite and this fits beautifully, as on the model (i am 5'2"). i do think that it flatters a flat belly more than it would flatter a fatter one! it would certainly hide any belly, but the drape works best if you're streamlined, i imagine. if you've got a tapering torso, go for it! depending on your bust, you may want to pin the overlapped fabric just to be sure of hiding the bottom of your bra. not that i've found it a problem.
I ordered this in size xl and it is a perfect top. the draping is very flattering to my shape. the material is soft and the flowers/colors are appropriate for work. it's the perfect length too. i love everything about the cut of this top. the pattern will vary on each since the flowers are staggered. i love the knot effect along the waist. great purchase. hope this style will continue to be used for other tops in other patterns/colors for spring/summer timeframe. these are a little too dark/heav
I love the feel of this shirt. from a distance it looks like flannel but close up it appears more like muslin. i find the fabric very soft and the colors are fab--more vivid than the photo. the buttons do not go all the way up the shirt. for me the top button is right at the top of my cleavage so i can wear it alone or with a cami or other scoop neck. if you want a more refined flannel look/feel, this is it. i find it tts. if you're in between sizes, i would order down.
This dress is very pretty in person, and perfect for warm and hot weather. the material is comfy and breathable, and the length is perfect. for reference, i usually wear a medium in retailer dresses, and ordered this in a medium as well. at that size, it does not bunch up around the waist as much as it would if i had ordered a large, but then the fit would have been baggier elsewhere on my body. i am fine with it being a closer fit across my waist, so i would say it fits true to size for me, but w
I love this shirt for its subdued colors and casual style. it is lighter in weight than a flannel shirt but retains a feeling of softness. it is from cloth and stone, a brand i like. usually i buy that brand in a small because their shirts run large for me. i liked this shirt so much i ordered it twice and waited for a backorder. i sent the small size back and was lucky enough to get a medium before the next out of stock situation.
I love the fit and feel of this shirt. the fit is narrow but true to size. the stitching details are beautiful and make this shirt really versatile.
This blouse is adorable! very flattering wrap design, especially on my small chested body. also, the black and white is very appealing. can't wait for warmer weather so i can wear it!
This dress is so beautiful in person. it is not overly flowy, well made and extremely feminine. i really have not a bad word to say about it. and on sale, it's a steal. i plan to wear mine with tall boots as shown and with my cowboy boots.
I love this skirt! i know others have thought it frumpy, maybe it's because i'm so long waisted but this skirt is perfect for me! not too long not too short but just right! the fabric print is beautiful a mix of muted and bright colors. the fabric quality is nice but nothing overly outstanding. still i'm glad i ordered it before it was gone!
For some reason they are not replenishing this shirt even though it sells out like wildfire.  i got a small even though i was pretty sure i needed an extra small. this shirt is pretty wide, not prohibitively wide but not a fitted shirt by any means. i'd love to get this in my size if they ever opt to sell more in the ivory.
This shirt is absolutely beautiful! the front is very thin and delicate, but wearing a nude bra underneath, you can't see a thing. i did need to add a snap between the top two buttons to avoid the chest "gap" but the back of the shirt offers enough stretch that it doesn't appear to "pull" at all. it's hard to find a button down that fits nicely when your short waisted and large chested. this one is it!!!!
At last, in a world of loose, billowy silhouettes, a draped top that falls a little closer to the body! the fabric is of good weight and has the right amount of stretch.  i also love the retro/vintage pattern of the fabric itself. the fit is feminine and comfortable.  you will have to wear a camisole with this top, but i do not consider that a negative. it is the way of the deep v neck.
I am glad to add this very versitile top to my wardrobe. it can be worn with a sweater in the cooler months (like i wore it today), a business jacket, or alone in the summer. i wore it with a fit-and-flare skirt today, but it goes with pants, jeans, shorts, etc. fyi: i am a 36 c(34d), short waist, broad shoulders/back, size m in knit tops, 10/12 in fitted or ones with buttons. i purchased my normal size m in this top. i have no real waist, so the shape of the top really does help to make one for
Great fit, the fabric is supple and of good quality; has a fasionable look to it but is also very very comfortable. can't beat that!
I have featured photos below. i'm 5 feet and 120 lbs and 34 d. i purchased a small petite. the fabric is cotton, i thought it would be rayon. it is lined with cotton fabric. the skirt has major poof. it falls like a midi on a petite. the waist runs high, which can not be a  good thing for a busty gal. why do i love it? the pattern is one of a kind. the colors are so fall. i wore a vest to accomplish a tapered look. i can't resist this skirt. if your tall, this is a dream. if your petite, you can
Absolutely love this dress. it is perfect for the summer. yes it wrinkles but that does not take away from how cute the dress is. the style is so unique, love the pleats. i am 146lbs, 5'6" 36dd and the size 8 fits perfectly. not tight through the arms holes or the bust area. the dress hangs perfectly, you can dress it up or where it to run errands.
Very cute dress for special occasions or even work. dress is comfortable, excellent quality but does run slightly large.
I ordered  flora nikrooz for my daughter for her wedding.  it is beautiful. the delivery was quick!!! very happy.
True to size, very pretty.  as pictured expect that it is more peachy and not this light.  i like it and will keep it but just be aware that it is not a pale pink as in the picture.
Beautiful design and fit.
I bought this when it first came back a number of years ago and loved it because it is great for travel! it actually can be kind of a blanket when you are on airplanes that tend to be cold and it is so hard now to get a blanket. it is also great coat for me as i live in southern california and it is not too heavy but does help the evening chill. i went on a trip with this a few months after i originally bought it and i accidentally lef at the hotel i was staying at. i am so glad it is back so th
Thrilled this statement piece is back. i get so many compliments on this and it's practical as well for our cold minnesota winters. highly recommend!
These are the perfect vintage-looking high rise jeans, without the risk inherent in buying vintage. for reference, i am 5'2", 108 lbs and usually a 26 in ag. these fit me perfect in a size 26 and were a great length for booties and flats. they fit me at versus above the ankle.
I love these laid back, causal pants. they have a draw string, very comfortable and can be an alternative to sweat pants, lounge wear, etc. i am petite, 5'2", 100 lbs or a little less, and i got the xsma?l size. i am pretty proportioned, but my upper body is a little thinner. meaning, i don't have a straight, rail body. my petite frame, has curve to my hips, tush, so it isn't easy to find pants, jeans, etc that are automatically flattering. these trousers are cut well, of good quality and nice n
Omg. i also bought this years ago. i have worn it every year and get compliments on it every day! i'm so excited to buy it again! i might actually buy 2. just love it!!!
This sweater coat is perfect. i've been looking for one i loved for years. in my opinion, it runs true to size. i ordered my usual xsp. it is fitted in the arms and loose on the body. i love it.
I never owned an 'older' version, so nothing to compare to.  i found it comfortable, stylish and warm on a cool fall day. the minor piling made it look more rustic, has not shed on any of my other clothes so far...
These are very nice pants. good quality and as expected. however, they do run small. i generally wear a small or size 4, sometimes a 2 depending on the maker. on average a 4. these i measured were 0 to 2 sizing. sending back and going a size up.
Here's the thing: i ride horses. you would think this would mean i would love this, but the first time it came around, i hesitated simply because i spent too much of my childhood in horse-bedecked things looked overwhelmingly nerdy. but this time, having actually purchased the belted navy birds version, i had to give it a try, and it's kind of a must. there is just something about the way it falls that is super flattering. it's just warm enough to serve as a jacket right now (in new england) but
This is every bit as lovely as shown! the shade of blue is delightful with the pintucks, lace embellishment's and covered buttons. for me, tts. i bought the size 4 (34-b) my normal size. i can see where it could be a problem for bustier women because the pin tucks tightened the upper chest area and it is fitted in the shoulder area. going up a size may help some but if your smaller like me it is tts. i think it's a wonderful rendition of a denim top. this would work in any season of the year.
I bought this coat 5 years ago and every fall/winter, i can't wait to wear it again. can't even begin to describe how many people comment on how beautiful and unique it is! it has worn well over the years considering how much it has been worn, but i just might be tempted to buy it again (which is something i have never done with a statement piece). the only design feature i would change is that it has no closure. i actually had a beautiful large antique button that i sewed on with a snap and it
This gem is beyond lovely! i saw this 5 years ago and regretted not buying it 5 years ago and then i was looking on here as i do on a weekly basis and bam it was there, i gasped hahahaha but really this is an amazing statement piece. i am usually a l but got the m as it is a bit big and its your preference on how you want to wear it. i will be wearing this to death for autumn winter and forever its just one of those. soft and not itchy and i have sensitive skin.
When i tell people i invested in a "horse sweater" i don't get a lot of encouraging comments, but when they see it they understand. so cute, different, and cozy for cold days (winter is long where i live). really works as both a sweater and as a coat.
This sweater sold out fast at my local retailer store. you know that stuffed animal that you owned when you were a kid, and you would never let it go because it was so soft and snuggly? yeah, it is like that for me. it's a bit pilly but that's what sweaters do. size petite s fit me perfectly (i am 5ft2in, 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips), hem falls 4 inches above my knees, sleeves fall right at my wrist, and it gives room for wearing a sweater or turtleneck under it. hood lays flat, horse print is so cute.
I saw this in the store and wanted to try it but couldn't justify buying *another* denim shirt at this price. then it went on sale! as others said, this does run a bit small though the chest/shoulders, so i sized up one size. it's still slightly fitted, but my broad shoulders are used to that. i was afraid that the pleats would give a maternity look (although my chest size is not that large 36b)-- it doesn't do that on me. it's loose but not overly so--kinda like the current swing top trend! the
Great sweater coat.  fits a bit large.  purchased a small...which is unusual for me.  i normally wear a medium or sometimes a large.  retailer clothes are mosly cut small.  it looks great on...warm, comfy and attractive.  i am very pleased with this purchase.  highly recommend.
This dress fits perfect! the material is so soft and hangs so flattering. long enough to cover the booty, but short enough to show off my legs. and the color is beautiful (i got the wine color).
I love these pants. they are beautifully made and appear to be very comfortable. now if i could just get them buttoned! i am a size 8/medium. i bought the large after reading other reviews. i'm not joking when i say i can't button them. i am in such love with them (and still hoping to lose some baby weight), that i am going to keep them in hopes to wear them!
I love this sweater coat! the buttons make it more structured and practical when the weather is cool. the colors are even nicer in person; the neutral yellow is sure to compliment a lot. you would be disappointed with this purchase.
Love these jeans! runs true to size and has a bit of stretch. can uncuff them and have a longer straight jean. very versatile.
I saw this online and immediately purchased the top in gray. it's so easy and casual but the shoulder detailing give it something different and unique for a regular gray shirt. the fit is loose and comfortable but not overly big, just right. i can't wait to pair it with my new white jeans for summer!
Wonderfully soft fabric and gorgeous pattern. the background color is a more standard gray than shows in the on-line photo (which looks more pinkish gray on my screen), but it's just lovely -- looks perfect with jeans or a skirt. i will be wearing this a lot this fall, and will keep a lookout for additional patterns!
Love this top! the colors are so fun and happy, and the fabric/fit are soft and breezy. it is definitely on the boxy side, but not in an unflattering way (in my opinion). super cute in my usual size small.
These jeans were not for me. they are very straight...hence the name 'parallel'. i'm have more of a straight athletic build so for me it was too much straight and didn't flatter my shape at all.  however, very nice jean once again from pilcro.
Nice thick fabric, lays well. sleeves three quarter but looks great on.
Great tee! the color online is lighter and nicer in my opinion than in reality. it's much darker in real life, but otherwise it's a super soft tee with gently fluttered sleeves and side slits. i bought it in a s and it's roomy without being oversized. great for fall....
I ordered this top in the grey along with the white lace up back pocket tee. while the other tee was totally see through and very poor quality, this one delivers in every way. in fact, i am sending the other one back to get this top in the ivory as well. the lace is very substantial and the fabric is not see through at all, like so many tops are these days. i ordered my usual medium and it comes down over my bum, just like i wanted to wear with leggings. i see this as a staple and this is my fir
The shirt looks so much more flattering on the body than on the hanger. it has a luxuriously soft  feel without compromising fabric quality. i purchased both the white and navy color. indeed, a closet staple.
I love this top! it is a perfect summer staple but for me it was too short. i sized up to fix this problem because i prefer the boho, flowy look. it is flowy on it's own but i felt it lacked length so went up a size. waiting for my retailer mail with anticipation!
These are some of the few pants that are semi loose with a wide waist band that make me look thinner! i love them. they are soft! they match everything. they make an outfit effortlessly chic. i took a size m and it fit tts.
I love these tanks. the straps are wide enough to hide my bra straps. they're soft. and long enough to give me added length to shirts that run short. because this tank runs small and i had to size up to get the fit that i like, the straps are a little long, but after i alter them with a little sewing, they're perfect. i've had to do this with retailer tanks in the past, and it's worth it to me for the quality that i'm getting. the regular price is too high, so i only buy them on sale. i try
Adore these jeans! great length, cute cuffed details. could do cartwheels in these :)
I love the paisley print, very soft and comfy, flutter sleeve look is cute,perfect weekend wear.
This is a closet staple! loose fitting, but lovely. well made!
Yes, this is a thinner bra, it's almost sheer when you hold it up to the light, but it fit perfectly (36d) and is seamless under even the thinnest tops. i love that its not padded, i feel like it just slightly enhances my natural shape without adding anything more, and i really wish i had bought multiples before they sold out! i can't speak to how it will hold up since i just got it yesterday and i'm wearing it for the first time today, but i'm keeping my fingers crossed that it will last as wel
This shirt has beautiful colors in it. it goes with burgundy, grey, black, brown, blues, and denim. it's a generous cut, and quite lightweight for fall layering.
I thought i'd be the first to review for non -size- small ladies... i'm usually between a large and xl in retailer.  the large was great.. with room , as this top is pictured.  you'll love the details on this colorful, fun top ( ex: buttons on the side).  great with skinnies. i bought it on sale, but it really is a special top and worth the price.
These are so much better than i anticipated! they are lightweight for summer, the perfect length (i'm 5'7" and they are just right with a 2" wedge), and very flattering. i will be living in these all summer long! i agree with the other reviewer who felt the catalog picture misrepresented them. they do not have a technicolor sheen at all. rather, they are a beautiful, classic chambray.
Nice quality, details, and i like the looser cut (works well on this blouse).
T.la makes the best tees. soft feel, sophisticated color layering, and a body skimming shape -- all retained after multiple washings. versatile, too. other tees fade, stretch out, shrink. not t.la. a gem.
This is a great little top. a wonderful basic, but the crochet/lace detail adds the perfect amount of uniqueness. it's a soft jersey material that doesn't cling. falls very nicely over the body, flow-y without being too flow-y. i ordered my usual small, and it fits tts. for reference i'm 5'1, 125 lbs, and 34d bust. i did not order the petite since i have a longer torso, very happy i orderer a regular small. will be a great spring and summer top.
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 145 lbs, and 38 (36d)-32-40 and the size l fit me perfectly. i probably could have gotten into the m, but i don't like my t's to pull under the armpits or across the bust, and this top looks like it needs room to flow.  2. the white is very sheer, but a nude bra won't show through. the navy is not see through.  3. i love the asymmetric hem in the back.  4. i'm a little concerned that the raw edge on the hem won't hold up in the wash, but i plan on hand washing these anyway, bec
I bought this shirt yesterday for 30% off the sale price. i usually wear a m. the store only had s and i didn't want to pay for shipping, so i bought the smaller size. it was loose through the body, tight in the arms. you could size down if you need to. but if you have large arms, i would get your normal size or get one larger. the arm fabric does not have much give. the shirt dips low in the front and back, so it has ample coverage for your mid section. it also would accommodate just about any
Fun top, 5'4, 135 lbs and i ordered xs. it was too wide and boxy so exchanged for xxs and it fits great. i like the fun slant to the side. not tight on stomach which is great! :) great top.
Based on the first person's review, i ordered a l at first... then i got it and it kinda fit like a maternity shirt and looked a bit too baggy/sloppy, not as flattering as the picture. i tried using the measurement guide below, based on the bust measurement, and i'm at the low end of the m size, so i ended up ordering the m and s just in case. the s size fit like the picture. i'm glad this isn't slim in the waist and fitted nicely in the shoulders. the blue color is beautiful. if you are more of
Lovely top, flattering and dressy, would definitely get another color if they have it.
Got this in the white and it fits perfectly. just the right length and enough detail on the shoulders. i'm 5'6" and 120 (usually an xxs or xs for tops) and the xs fits just right, not too loose not too tight. i like the style since it emphasizes my shoulders and balances nicely with cropped jeans (i'm pear shaped). material is slightly clingy but it adds to the drape nicely (wouldn't work well if it was fitted, but it's not).
I wasn't sure about this shirt at first glance, it's difficult to see in the picture but the top of the shirt and the peplum are two completely different fabrics, with the top having a much looser weave. however, it looks great on. the blue color is very saturated and pretty. the fit in the shoulders and arms is stretchy and comfortable. and it hangs in a really flattering and comfy way on my hourglass frame. i'm pretty busty, 36dd i think....i usually have to wear l in retailer tops unless they'r
I know i'm going to get a lot of wear out of this t-shirt this summer. i have it in white, and it's not too see through, which is what i always worry about when i wear white shirts. it's basic but then it has lace on the shoulders that adds something extra. i love its drape--it's not too form fitting. on me (i'm 5'2), it tends to be a bit long, but i like it. the shirt being cotton means that it's super soft. as far as washing goes, best practice is to machine wash and hang to dry--i'm afraid of
Once or twice a year, retailer dons out a true 80s masterpiece!  the sweater is sturdy, bright and bold. quality and craftsmanship are amazing and the fit is tts!  i cannot wait for the cooler weather to wear this beauty with some skinny jeans!!
Tried this on in the store and fell in love. it's such a simple shirt but the details are special. runs tts. will get a lot of use out of this.
Spotted this in the local store last week & just had to try it on! it is a soft cotton gauze texture which is slightly stiff but in a good way. my usual size small was too big. the oversized look was fine from front & back view, but in the side view the bottom stuck way out. the xs was much better so i took it home. its very comfy & looks great with dark blue denim. 5'3", 118#.
I?m mad for plaid but usually for smaller pattern and winter colors. somehow, this top was love at first sight. it looks simple but it?s not. it?s unique in its own way (look at the back, the slightly puffy sleeves, the side slit), and the colors are such a great mix that go with everything. the stylist opened up a couple of side buttons and tied the material to a knot, so cute. i purchased the xs and the fit is the same as shown online (i?m 5?2?, 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). i know the price seems
This pretty tee looks wonderful on! the cut and drape really flatter a woman's shape and will be versatile for pairing with casual or work outfits. i love the soft feeling, although it is not cotton as posted online.; the tag inside the shirt says: 95% rayon, 5% spandex. it doesn't really matter, but it's not what i expected. the rayon/spandex is very soft to the touch, has a beautiful texture to it and certainly feels comfortable. i really love the lower back hem at the hips, so flattering! i d
Great shirt that is basic with a little something extra. meadow rue does it again...i swear i buy everything they put out...
I purchased this jacket on pure impulse. to be quite honest it reminds me of a coat my dad used to wear, and i was halfway on the way to retailer when i decided to try it on. my goodness it's perfect. it's slightly oversized, delightfully 70's and makes everything look good skirts, pants, dresses etc. buy it, especially off the 70's have a special place in your heart.
This tee is my favorite this year! it just looks great on! not fitted, but not loose either. i love it so much i have it in white, black, pink, light green, gray, slate blue and holly. the holly was my least favorite color (i thought it would look a little 'greener') it is so dark, you almost have to see it in the sunlight to be sure it is green. i ordered it online from the store and i kept it just because...  i love the fact that it can be machine warned and dried without shrinking. i don't dr
I knew when i bought this bralette that there was something special about it...the intricacy of the design is really pretty as is the style...but seriously - every single time i wear this bralette out (paired with a cute top or dress) i get tons of compliments from all of my friends. i never thought a bralette would spark so much conversation! aside from that it is super durable...i've had it for a year now, have washed it several times, and it is not stretched out at all or frayed aka it is gre
Perfect crop jeans with just a tiny flare. i'm a size 8 and the 29s fit perfectly.
The fabric is thin, though. you better wash it in a bag or the washing machine will tear it up!
I'm very pleased with this jacket! i've never owned a "vegan" leather anything, so i didn't know if it would show up cheap looking or smelly.. but to my surprise, it didn't have a "smell" or that shiny cheap look. i'm so glad i headed the other reviewers advise and i sized up, my typical size would have been to tight and short! i'm excited to wear this with dresses and jeans this fall! i bought the "honey" color and it's more like a cross between beige and blush(a slight dusty pink hue)! i love
Absolutely stunning design with the eyelet lace top!  it's a very romantic, comfortable top that has a flattering fit. i'm so glad that it has lining so i don't need to be concerned about exposing myself to anyone.  it has a light fabric so it's very comfortable in the summer heat and humidity in florida.
I've been looking for a leather/faux leather jacket for ages, and this one is perfect! it's just a tiny bit edgy, but more feminine than most leather jackets, which is exactly what i was looking for. i typically wear xs, but after reading the reviews for this jacket that said it runs small, i ordered both a small and xs to try on. the small was way too big, and the xs fit perfectly - it can be worn over a light layer or over a chunky sweater very comfortably, without the arms getting tight. i th
So happy with this jacket! i have looked for what feels like forever for a vegan leather jacket that is (1) long enough in the sleeves and (2) wide enough in the shoulders without being bulky through the body. i found it ran true to size. my usual large for well, xl was a little big. the material is beautiful and soft and the colors are great. i ordered the honey and cognac and love them both.
This is a stunning dress. fits true to size, very high quality, has a very flattering shape, and the lace embroidery is gorgeous.
These are adorable and very very comfortable. i'm loving the flattering mid rise. as stated before there is no flare as depicted in the photo but still super cute! nice with flats, easy to dress up with some sexy heels.
I am 5'4, 34b, 106lbs and the 0 fit me perfectly. it comes just above my knee so i could also have worn the petite and would have been fine if it was shorter too. i rarely wear green but this shade is so pretty.
I love this dress! i am 5'3" 117 lbs and ordered the size 0. the fit is excellent and is very flattering. the color is more kelly green than what is shown in the picture, and is lovely. i wore it to my 40th celebration and adored wearing the dress!
A friend of mine has several of these jackets and i always asked "where did you find that from?" the answer? retailer vegan leather jackets! i bought 2 when they were on sale and i love both (grey and dark brown/purple). they are super comfy and surprisingly warm. can dress up or dress down for any occasion. i can't wait to buy more!
I've been looking for a leather or faux leather jacket for years and years and this is the first one that i've ever loved so much! the style is edgy and modern, yet still feminine and flattering. love the cut of the jacket, so flattering! looks amazing with dresses, skirts or denim. i got the dark red color, and it's much more brown and neutral than it appears online. i would love to get the tan color as well, but it's currently sold out in my size. the faux leather looks believable and expensiv
Just received this dress in the mail. it's stunning!! the lace is just beautiful. i ordered two sizes and had to size down a bit - the fit is generous. can't wait to wear this to my rehearsal dinner next week.
I bought this at the store today and it's the perfect summer top! i'm not going to pull it off my shoulders, so it's a little shorter than shown here. but it goes great with capris and skinny jeans and i plan to take it with me to italy. it will go with so many things! very well made, thickish material.
I got the jacket in the gray. it's a pretty pretty shade of gray. it's soft and feels really good on. it's short. like hits at the waist. i have long arms and the small for perfect which i was very pleased.
I'd been looking for a replacement for my faux leather jacket and this has surpassed my expectations. well-made, lovely color, very soft, flattering cut. it runs small so i sized up from my usual petite xs to a petite s. it's warm and the lining is very pretty. hopefully it'll hold up to daily wear. i'd definitely recommend it as a great jacket to take you from fall - spring. i got the plum color.
I tried this on today and loved it. it is so well made and stays down off the shoulders without any struggle. it is lined in the front and the back is billowy and gorgeous. a timeless and well made piece.
I have a hard time with jackets fitting because i have chubby arms compared to the rest of me. i like the way this fits and it doesn't pull when i try to cross my arms in front. i feel like it's good quality and hopefully won't flake the way 'vegan' (i.e. fake) leather can. and i think i can throw it over a top with jeans or a dress and it will be cute and versatile. i also like the length that hits right at my hip. i'm 5'2" and don't like when jackets like this are are too long.
Love this jacket!got my usual size medium and is perfect! beautiful quality
I have many moulinette soeurs creations. all are true to my size, breathtakingly beautiful, unique, made well. i ordered this dress, and i am very excited about receiving it soon. the front neckline is round, and it becomes a v in the back.
Bought this for my daughter who is graduating this year. looks much better in person then it does in the photo. she is 5'7" and 135lb. we bought the size four. great length on her. green adds a nice pop of color. she loves it.
These shirts are perfect for a casual day. basically t.la shirts are my daily go to. i usually wear a small but i buy these in medium because i like the looser fit. a little pricey so after buying 1 at full price i waited until they were on sale to buy more.
Love this top! not too low cut, drapes nicely and the material is thin enough but not so thin you have to wear a tank top. it does seem to run on the larger side.
I agree the pictures are confusing. the front top of the dress is not cut out as some pictures seem to indicate. this is such a great dress! it has a great lining underneath and is really flattering and nicer/dressier looking in person than i imagined it would be. i think it fits true to size. i either wear a 4 or a 6 in most retailer dresses and the 4 in this dress fits me well. i'm planning to wear this dress to my bridesmaids luncheon! i definitely recommend!
I am consistently a size 27 in pilcro jeans and these are no exception. these are more ankle length than cropped on me as i am 5'3" but i still love them. i found them to be true to size. because they don't have much stretch, they are a little snug in the thigh at first but the denim gives a bit throughout the day. the shorter length with the little flare is so versatile - they look great with a dressy top and heels and just as good with a cozy sweater and flat chelsea boots. love pilcro!!!
Love this so much because it's so soft, pliable and fits wonderfully with all of my fall wardrobe.  i ordered the plum color, which looks brown to me.  was advised to size up and glad i did.  i bought large petite and my stats are 5'3" 135# 38/28/35.
I have no where to wear this pretty spring time inspired dress.  fits just as pictured, except that i'm short.  i ordered the 10p so my 36dd chest and wide rib cage fit comfortably.  i'm saving this dress for easter or a fancy bridal shower.
Love this jacket! it is incredibly soft and expensive looking. i love the details with the zippers on the sleeves and very cute lining inside the jacket which is not pictured. i ordered my usual size xxsp and it fit great. this brand does run small so if you are between sizes or prefer a looser fit you should order a size up.
I saw these in the sale section on line and just loved their look. they fit great and have a cute little flare at the bottom. i like the reinforced inside seams which means they will last longer. i've been wearing them with my shorter boots and booties this winter. i have slim legs and they aren't too tight and not too loose. my inseam is a 33 so they may be a tad short on me, but i love them.
I love this bralette. i have it in other colors as well and it is always the one i go to when i want comfort.
I admittedly watched this dress until it went on sale, then was lucky enough to find it! i couldn't find my normal size (8p), so thought i would take a chance with the 10p and it fit perfectly! i haven't tried on the 8p, but i'm guessing it would have been a bit snug. the dress is comfortable and feminine, and i absolutely love it. i know i will wear it all summer!
I love this jacket. i have not worn it yet, as the weather is still very warm, but i am looking forward to wearing this a lot this fall. the cropped cut is very flattering and the vegan leather very soft, i followed the other reviews and ordered one size up and it;s perfect. i am normally a size 4 and went with he medium. the plum color is quite neutral in person. i also love the printed lining. i did notice quite a few long threads around the lining sewing, i hope this is just an overlooked pos
There is some confusion in the first few reviews over the image, but the dress has a medium green lace and does not have a cut out at the front of the neck. it runs more true to size than some dresses at antrho -- my size is a small 6 petite (meaning that i often end up in a 4) and the six is perfect.   the dress hangs gorgeously and fits fabulously. the zipper is a bit hard to get through the seams and lace, but worth it.  it has a formal feel, but i think it can be made casual with shoes a
I originally ordered the white in this cami, but after receiving was absolutely obsessed with it! i ordered the 2 other colors. the fabric is so soft and the buttons are perfect as i just had a baby and will need easy access for nursing. love this cami!
This was a last minute addition to my online order to hit the free shipping! anyway... this ended up being my favorite item from my order! i love the way it wraps and also lays open. i didn't realize that the fabric was a mix of two different knits, but i think it adds nice interest. i ordered the red,which is a nice, deep red...not an obnoxious fire engine red. it's very complimentary to my skin tone and dark hair. i run between a small and medium, but chose the medium since it looked like it c
This jacket is very well made. the denim is quality and very soft. the other fabric isn't as heavy as the denim, but not so much that it feels like a mismatch when wearing it. i was surprised to find slash pockets by the side seams. on the interior, the slash pockets are sewn down and deep so that you can use them as pockets too. handy for your phone. fits true to size maybe a tiny bit on the generous side like a jean jacket should be. love it.
Love this top! it's very simple modern design can go with many different bottoms and the soft pink color gives it a slight distinction from a plain white tank. love it!
I really like the pilcrow denim military jacket. fabric is comfortably soft, but the jacket is still structured. love the tie detail in the back and the contrasting sleeves. i wear either a small or medium. i tried both sizes with this jacket and decided on the medium to allow for an extended season wear.
I have never loved denim jackets because they always have seemed kind of basic or boring. this one is edgy and the design is amazing. it can be worn with anything and will go through many seasons. i found the fit to be on point. my normal medium fit perfectly.
This jacket is perfect!! the denim mixed with the military style is such a good combo. it fits great and is very comfortable. the little ties in the back are a cute addition.
I ordered this in yellow after the size small in store didn't fit. it's such a cute summer top, perfect with cropped jeans! i'm a 32b and usually a size small but had to size down. i could still see the top of my strapless bra in the front so i wear a lacy bandeau with it and it's super cute. because of this though, i wouldn't pay full price so i'm happy it was on sale!
I hesitated to buy this after reading the earlier review, but went ahead anyhow, and am glad i did! i ordered the white in a small petite, and it is as cute as can be. it is crisp and true white, not off- white. there is a large pleat on one side of the front to give the blouse some interest, and there are openings on each side which allow the blouse to swing a bit but do not open up to reveal skin. it is not long, but by no means is it cropped. it is really sweet with slim jeans or slim printed
This top is easy to dress up with a blazer or wear casually with jeans and trainers. so many nice details and a great fit!
Absolutely love this jacket!! i convinced my girlfriend to get one too; we could not be more pleased. slightly oversized throughout the body - this is true no matter the size you buy - with great contrasting sleeves and back. the side ribbons can be adjusted to bring in or let out the waist. perfect spring/summer weight. can be worn with a sweater/sweatshirt underneath. it's a feminine takeover of a boyfriend jacket - looks gorgeous over a casual dress or great with jeans/chinos. perfect for mus
This is a beautiful skirt. great, soft, draping fabric. fringed along the edges. i ordered size large, which was an okay fit, perhaps a bit wide but the drawstring helps at the waist. because i carry my weight in the tummy, this made me look wider than i am. as an elder, i just couldn't handle the length which hit me right at the top of the widest part of knee. i have great legs but my knees aren't their best feature. so sadly, returned but i do recommend.
I have not owned a denim jacket of this kind in...15 years? i have a wonderful pilcro chambray jacket with a military cut from last year, but this kind of boxy, straight up denim jacket cut has not been a part of my life for a while. however, i was in a store last weekend and with the additional 25% off, i thought it might be wise to give this a try. i'm so glad i did. i've now tried it over two fairly girly dresses, with tights and booties (it's not exactly spring in boston yet), and i love it.
This is a great sweater. it can be worn "wrapped" as on the model, or open like a cardigan. it is a lighter weight knit, perfect for how warm this winter has been. i love the deep purple color. normally between a small and medium and went with the medium in this sweater.
These are really nice jeans (i am a jean fanatic). some "patches" are faded others are dark with still others with stitching across them. very distinctive and nice. they are truly a boyfriend fit...so, if you them big, they are. ag makes very nice jeans both in fit and quality. i buy other brands, but not often...
I've owned a number of pilcro denim jackets it in my day. not because they've ever needed to be replaced, but because i'm obsessed with the fit, the color and the style. when i saw this one i knew it would be no exception! this jacket is even cooler looking in person. the fade on the denim is totally perfect. not too dark, not too light...and not so distressed that it looks sloppy. the denim is soft just like all other pilcro, and the fit is a dream. what i love the most is the interest in the c
I saw this in store and had to try it on! it is really cute. i love the different textures and the red drawstrings. it fits well, although i am somewhat between the small and medium sizes. i went with the medium in case i want to wear a bulky sweater with it. really cute and i have never seen a coat like it!
I love this sweater! i'm very sensitive to fabrics and this really doesn't bother me too much. it's soft, but just a tiny bit scratchy. but the color is a rich purple and the flexibility of being able to wear it draped or not is a nice touch. it comes right at waist length....little on the short side if you want to hide your muffin top, but otherwise a winner all around.
The fabric is soft and the wine color is rich and a good alternative for black. i love it so much and bought the grey one as well. you can wear it open or button up like on the model. great layering pieces. i am 5'3, 120lbs, 34dd bra and take this in size small.
Amazing jeans!! without pockets on the front there are no weird lines like there are on other white jeans with pockets. the high waist is extremely flattering! perfect for spring and summer!
I saw this jacket in a store and wanted it right then and there. i bought a shirt and scarf instead but it was on my mind. when i saw it on sale i grabbed it. the fit is a little boxy but the length was perfect! not too short. the small amount of spandex is so comfortable. it is versatile because the green arms can go with colored jeans well. i am 5'4". i can wear a med or large. i bought the large. it fits perfectly to layer short or long sleeves. not a typical denim jacket. looks great over a
Fits well, super soft and very flattering. great for layering and for dressing up or down. highly recommend!
I had been eyeing this sweater since it came in for the fall mostly because of the beautiful purple color. it finally went on sale and i scooped it up. like most reviewers, i luv that you can wear it two ways. i prefer to wear it closed as i do not have the slimmest waist and this sweater hides this well but it looks just as good open and drapes well on the sides. this sweater looks a lot better in person than online like most of the retailer sweaters. i have hand washed this a couple times alread
This skirt is about an inch longer on me than on the model in photo (i'm 5 ft, ordered petite) but the length actually works. i have a bit of a tummy, so ordered size 4 - fits great. really love the colors - so many tops will go with this skirt, so it will be easy to vary the look.
This an absolutely beautiful quality stylish coat but through no fault of the coat, i had to return it because i looked like a bear in it. i'm too short and too round around the middle for this type check and this type material. i wouldn't want to discourage anyone from trying it.
This tank is an easy piece to add into your summer wardrobe and its amazingly affordable. i don't think the material is too think like the previous reviewer. i chose the petite size and it sits well at the chest and is a great length. not too long, but still able to front tuck. i bought two colors and am interested in all the rest!
I'm happy to say i got this on the sale rack but had been eyeing this long before.  it is a flattering fit on me in size large.  i just love the colors in the print!  also, the style is not a basic shell but a very feminine cut.  the skinny straps are also a very nice touch.  i plan on wearing this with my long white linen skirt, denim capris or with shorts.  i think i will also opt for a solid cardi or scarf.  this is just so pretty!
This is the perfect pencil skirt! the pattern is flawless! the top shown with it here online is outrageously expensive! i paired it with a lace turquoise top that retailer has in stores and you can also wear it with a wine colored top. i would not wear it with black because you just lose the stunning colors. if you love fall colors this skirt is perfect!!
Wore with leggings & ballet flats ??compliments!
I bought this coat shortly after christmas and am in love. it is meant to fit oversize but runs true to your natural sizing. i am a m/l in most retailer clothing and that is what i bought. it is great for layering for a dressed up look with a skirt or dress for work and also dressed down with jeans a t-shirt. and, although the arms are 3/4 length it is super warm! so happy i purchased!
Fits a bit on the bigger side, but also being the style of the top. i would order down a bit. i'm usually a 4 on top( 34c) and the xs was perfect. the wine color is classy. it's a timeless piece...
This is a beautiful dress that glides over your body and swishes around when you walk. i received many compliments when i wore this, with black korkease platform sandals and peruvian opal jewelry. the fit is true to size, i took my usual size l. it is longer on me than the model, and my only complaint is the slip-it is very sheer and you can see your legs through the slip and the dress together, so i had to find a different slip. i think retailer should also make their slips a bit longer, i don't
Bought this on a whim and am so glad! this is made of the softest fabric and the loose flowing nature of the tank make it perfect over a bathing suit.
Maeve consistently nails pencil skirts - i always know exactly what fabric and fit to expect, and it is flawless! the fabric is soft, lined, and has stretch. it feels as close to wearing sweats as you can in a skirt! the colors are beautiful on this - i'd say in person the colors are a bit deeper and richer than they show in the model photo. length is about the same on me as it is on the model at 5'7" and got my usual s with no issue. this beauty will go with lots of different colored tops too,
I love the way this loosley falls and is so light you barely feel it on you. it is very sheer to you need to wear another tank underneath.
I tried this on (blue) in size 0 or xs (not sure how sizing was), regular size (sometimes i need petite). i don't think i need petite in this one though, i love the peek of lighter solid fabric on the hem, the whole tank is very soft. probably need a strapless bra to wear it, but could be paired with jeans for casual look or nice pants. pencil skirt for dressier look. i am 115 lbs and 30 dd for reference.
Such a beautiful pattern on a lovely fabric. soft to the touch and flows beautifully. i love the lacing and even the butterfly sleeves - which i'm usually not a fan or. i have a feeling i'm going to wear this to death once the weather warms up! my only complaint is the slip, which is a scratchy material that is also completely see through. it's also very short, at least for my comfort. i have a plain black slip i'll be using instead, which is fine with me as i bought the dress for the outer shel
This shirt is very attractive! i tried on my usual size 2 and it fits like a glove. i wish they had more colors than ivory, but i couldn't pass up the unique fit and design of this shirt.
I love the style and look oft this blouse but the fit is a bit off for me. i'm usually either a l or xl. i don't think it came in an xl so i decided to give the l a shot. i would say it runs roomy except through the arms. i found the arms to run strangely tight...and it's not an area i usually have a problem with. the body skimmed nicely over my trouble spots (middle). i found the neckline very flattering and it laid nicely over by dd bust. the v is deep but you don't feel overexposed.   the b
Lovely dress ,comfortable fabric and great cut . the combination of the alignment of stripes works beautifully and is very figure flattering. versatile to keep casual or dress up with a great pair of shoes.
This is such a cute and different jacket. of course i asked if they had it in black but i am glad they didn't because this is such a great color that is so versatile. i use it as a topper when it is not that cold out with a short sleeve under it or a long sleeve fitted shirt. you can wear with jeans or black pants if you want. great material for the price as well. i am usually between a small but more of a medium in my jackets. i ordered this in xs/s and it has plenty of room to even wear a swea
I purchased the black in the store and wore the next day. so soft and lays nicely, pretty sleeve detail. quality and fit as expected. the arm holes are a tad larger than i prefer, but i typically wear a camisole under tops so it doesn't bother me. for reference, i'm 5'8, 36c and purchased the medium.
This dress is flattering, comfortable and beautiful. it hides my imperfections too. currently my favorite dress!
The softest tank i own. even though it's a soft burnout fabric it's still not too sheer. great quality
Beautiful top... the print is really unique and already received compliments on it when running my daughter in for school. it's a little fuller on the bottom and flows out so i think i may pin it but it's beautiful. definitely worth getting!
I'm a power-walker. i bought this tank in 3 colors and rotate through them. they're great for working out with a nice sports bra underneath. i also wear them with leggings. so cute! love the colors, the fit. yes, they're thin. i don't think they'll last for years and years, but with the sale price they are such a great deal.
This oversized coat is fabulous! i've received so many compliments on it.
Great, comfortable tank. cool added detail in the straps. runs big so size down. i wear both a medium and large at retailer and got this in a small.
I love this top. so much so that i bought it in black and red. i do think it runs a bit big. i normally wear a medium or small. i bought this in extra small and it fits beautifully. can be dressed up or dressed down. love that it is a double layered knit too. the fabric is soft and drappy. this is a staple top. looks great with a pencil skirt tucked in. got lots of compliments when i wore the red one. havent worn the black one yet. for reference im 5'9" , weigh 125lbs and wear a 34b.
I bought this dress for my bridal shower and it is perfect. the pattern is beautiful and very similar to the image shown online. the fabric is much lighter than i anticipated which is nice for spring/summer weather. i had to get the top altered slightly to better fit on top but it was a very easy alteration. i am normally a size 8 in dresses and found this to fit very true to size.
Purchased in the red and love it! love that it goes with anything from work pants to jean shorts. the ruffle details add just a little extra, which makes it perfect. i just paired with gray chinos a couple days ago and it made a lovely outfit. fits tts. i wear an xs and purchased that.
I was on the fence about this toposition because, as others have stated, it is quite billowy at the bottom. just before returning i decided to try it on with a navy linen v-neck cardi and it completely changed my mind!! wow! now i am not saying that this isn't beautiful on its own, because.it truly is!! i am just saying that now this has become a truly versatile piece in my wardrobe. i did not order a petite even though i am 5'3", and for that in am glad! i ordered regular size xs (108 lbs/36b)
So comfy and well made, perfect to dress up or down, bought one and coming back for several more. cut a bit low in arms, lace bralette is perfect under.'' bought a small, length and fit similar to model
Nice fit, stretchy fabric, but they do not stretch out of shape or so much that they are too big after wearing for a few hours. very true to size and great length. i am going to buy another pair because i know once i wear these out i will want a back-up!
When i spotted this online i just knew it was a 'must have'. holding horses brand usually runs big on me, but this is a more fitted top. i ordered the size 4 & 6 so i cld compare. well, the 4 is a little snug in the bust area & the bodice seam falls high across the mid-bust area. except for that the fit is good. being cotton i realize it will probably shrink some when washed so i don't think the 4 works for me. the size 6 is much looser overall & the fit is much better in the bust area. the armh
Bought (on sale) the first to use for working out/yoga and they're perfectly suited for the job! so i bought 2 more (also on sale). has held up well in the wash so far and i've washed each about 3-4 times. runs a little large but it is a loose flowy top. normally wear a medium but got smalls in these.
I am very happy with the top.well made and beautiful color.
The length on these are great. they stretch but so far they don't stretch out. the material is a dark and soft. i am 5'6' and 135lbs. the size 26 fit great.
This dress is beautiful and delicate, so flattering! runs a little big- slightly looser fit- got the size small, usually a 6-8, and it is perfect. the slip included is very sheer however, so i am using a different black slip for mine.
I haven't taken this off since i got it. and since then, i've ordered two more colors. it's definitely sheer, but the blue isn't see-through, though i expect the lighter colors are. it is a distressed look, but super-soft, comfy, and perfect to wear over work out clothes or dressed up with jeans. really a nice summer top for hot days. i'm 5'4, 135 the and the xxs is perfect--drapey, but not baggy. very flattering straps too.
The quality is there. these pants are just as pictured. very wide leg, romantic pants. the pockets lay nicely inside so as not to be bunchy like some pants do. these fit perfect and look great.
Just picked this up at a store....had a terrible time deciding between the plaid and the chambray but went with the chambray. super soft fabric and not too short for a 55 year old. i'm 5'5", 135 lbs, and 34 d and the medium is perfect. sometimes i wear a small but have broad shoulders so need the m in this. i'll wear without a belt...it falls nicely and is very flattering!
Love this sweater! great quality & styling. slimming and the side slits add a feminine appeal. pair with your legging and boots and enjoy the compliments.
The sweater is light and very soft. the silver banding on the neck, sleeves and hem make it easy to dress up.
I'm 5'3" with high waist and some booty. this dress has a fantastic, flattering fit. i paired it with the elita belt as opposed to the thicker belt on the long waisted model. (love the belt too, btw).  the fabric is soft and will pair well with tshirt or cami underneath. i plan to wear with brown booties as well as sandals. looking for a suede jacket now...
I disagree with the reviewer that says these are more straight-legged. for me they fit tight throughout. sits perfectly on the waist with just enough stretch, but they still look very structured. i'm 5'0, 110 lbs and the 26 fit me perfectly. the length was perfect for my height. often pants are too loose in the ankle for me, but these are snug and perfect to wear with booties.
Soft, comfortable material and flattering with or without a belt. i'm 5'10", 130...typically wear a 4. the small fits me perfectly and even the sleeve length is long enough when unrolled. high hem hits me a few inches above the knee, low hem a few inches below.
This cardigan caught my eye and i had no idea how soft and wonderful it would feel so it's a win-win! it hangs a little boxy so i'll need to figure out how to style it so it's more flattering. the pockets are a pretty gold color (you can see it from the inside) and adds a nice touch of color. it's a keeper!
I initially saw this sweater in the store and it really stood out. the rose pink color is absolutely beautiful and i love the glimmer band. it adds a beautiful detail to the sweater. the fabric is very soft. the only downside i see, is that lint did get all over the tank top i was wearing underneath. though i think that will change over time as i wear it more. it wasn't a huge inconvenience, which is why i still give this 5 stars. i am always a small at retailer, which is what i ordered, so
Very feminine! comes with a coordinating cami. i liked it so much that i'm going to order the other color, too!
Beautiful! caught my eye online. i had to order then reorder in a smaller size, but it is wonderful. colors are beautiful.
Love my jeans, fit great and very flattering. they are a tad snug in my usual size but i think with time they will stretch a bit. receive compliments every time i wear them. if they go on sale i will buy another. :)
Really cute casual dress. wore it to a "girls night" out!! they all loved it. can't wait to wear it again with knee high boots!
If you're on the fence about this dress - go for it! i am a huge retailer shopper but haven't ever been compelled to write a review until now.  this dress fits beautifully.  the materials is so soft and comfortable and the design of the dress is very flattering, with or without a belt.  i am 5'2, 118 pounds and i purchased the pxs. it's perfect!  i wore this with booties and received a ton of compliments. the fringe and hemline make this dress really stand out.
I have a short torso and short arms, so i purchased this in a petite medium. i probably could've worn the ps, but i do like the little extra room. it is a classic shirt dress with just enough of today's trendy "frayed edge" to make it contemporary. the fabric is super soft and lays nicely. i can imagine wearing this through the seasons with a variety of shoes/legwear & accessories! looking forward to it.
I probably would not have purchased this sweater had i only seen it online because i typically think wool is scratchy, but this sweater caught my eye in the store and it is as soft as a sweater can get. i love the pink with the gold trim. it is so soft and warm. i have washed and worn it a few times already and have not had any problems with stretching, either.
Love this preppy sweater for fall. only detail i wasn't crazy about was the deep slits in the sides, it gapes a little oddly then around the pocket but not enough of a distraction for me to send it back.
I must politely disagree with the previous review. i hesitated to order this item based on the reviewer below and i am happy to say this item is everything i hoped it would be! it looks exactly like the picture (fit, color, quality). being a silk top i believe this item was priced appropriately and the quality of the item does not disappoint. the pom poms are colorful and bright but not the least bit juvenile. this top is light and flowy yet flattering for hot, humid summer days! i will look for
Great fabric. soft and easy to wear and goes from day to night easily.
Long enough to wear without leggings but also great with them. i also purchase the belt pictured and it looks as good in person as it does in the photo!
This dress is amazing. nice material, comfortable and really flattering. slightly tight in the arms but otherwise perfect. highly recommended!!!
This sweater is super soft and the metallic banding is a really nice detail. the fabric could turn out to be a bit fragile though. if you have a chest, it may feel a bit boxier than you expect but i don't mind it for a comfy, cozy, soft sweater.
I can't believe that i'm the first person to write a review. this top is so cute. i tried it on in a store and loved it. the sales person in the store said that it had been flying out of the store as soon as they got it in. the color and print are pretty. the fabric is sheer and cool and comes with a cami.
Little boxy in the mid section; very very elegant and beautiful design!
Love this dress! very soft and easy to wear. i'm 5'4" and it hits the top of my knees which is perfect for me. can't wait to wear it with white leggings and boots this winter. i've seen several similar styles and tried on a few at other boutiques but they were thick material and bulky denim. this is the perfect, light and soft to the touch. highly recommend!
This dress is gorgeous! pictures online do not do it justice! my only issue is that it is slightly sheer, even with the layers under the skirt. will probably require nude boy shorts. i would say it runs tts if not a little bit large. i ordered my normal size 6 and the band and bust are snug but not uncomfortable, but the back mesh portion is loose. it hits me about where it hits the model in length. i was able to find one that somebody returned in-store so that was helpful. for reference i am 5'
Everything about this dress is just right! the hand of the fabric is soft and drapes beautifully, the cut is slender but forgiving, the length is short enough to be chic but not skimpy, and the fringe and hemline keep it from looking like every other denim shirtdress out there. i am 5'7" 125 lb and got an xs. i love the versatility too--as a dress, jacket, under layer, with/without a belt. yay!
Love love the fit and material. a must fall wardrobe.
Everything about this dress is exceptional. the fit, material, workmanship, and style are wonderful. the dress even has 2 petticoats to make the skirt stand out. the dress is modern in style, yet classic.
Love the fabric that c s uses--so very soft and pliable.  fit is tts with room for draping over figure flaws and great for layering while open.  but the high-low hem is far more extreme than the new "action shots" show.  i'm kind of over this trend but at the same time love this shirt dress.  i'm 5'3" 140# 36d and tried on m but will order mp online because of length.
As someone that has many cardigans this one is one of my favs in my collection. i can dress it up or down. it is really soft and great quality. i only wish i had checked if it came in petite since the length is a little long.
I am not a fray fan but this dress has a modern vintage look, and it looks tailored. check out the ruffle sleeves, surprising detail. size regular small falls right above my knees, perfect at the chest (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips), but the sleeves are 2 inches pass my wrist. the ruffle sleeves are too pretty to be rolled up, so i got the petite s, sleeves at perfect length, torso fits better but length is an inch shorter (thank you, cloth and stone for finally making petite sizes).
I saw the neutral motif in the "there's only one left" hanger in the store and tried it on. it's very pretty, cute and sweet. i wish the bottom flares out a bit more like a baby-doll look, but that's just my preference. i tried on size 2 and it's a bit tight in the chest area (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips), so i think size 4 would fit very well. despite the pretty flower design, in my personal opinion, i think the price does not justify a pretty basic tank top and fabric.
This dress looked nice online so i ordered it. once it arrived i tried it on and it looked even better. the fit was flattering as well. very versatile piece in an interesting print. glad i caught this piece on sale!
This dress is very flattering on. it fits close to the body but the layers are thick so it doesn't show too much. the material is stretchy and very cozy. i'm 5'4", 130lbs and a 34c and the medium fit perfectly.
This top is so cute on. would look great on anyone as the style, quality, and color is incredible. highly recommend, even at this price. you won't regret it.
Love this top! pretty details and true to size fit!
This is truly a beautiful top. the beading and lace are subtle, but add such a special, feminine touch. i love the breezy, swingy shape. very flattering. this is one item i will be sure to treasure for years to come. love!!
I love this top. the picture does not show all the beautiful detail. i was so happy when it came in the mail and i unwrapped it. stunning!!
This is a great top. runs tts. looks great with cropped skinny jeans and booties or wedges in the spring.
This is such a pretty top.  i love the mix of patterns. the colors are beautiful!  it really looks great on.  the peplum is very minimal in this top.  the entire top itself is somewhat oversized, but in a pretty way.  i bought this in a large and probably could have gone with a medium, but didn't want the length to be any shorter, so i'm sticking with the large.  for reference,  i'm 6ft and 175lbs.  i usually wear a size 10/12 or medium/large.  also, i didn't notice a puckering between the two m
I love this top, the detail and embroidery make it great for during the day or at night. the small fits me perfect and i don't wear it with a camisole like some have mentioned, but might if i wore it to work
Love the top! it fits perfectly. i was a bit worried it would look like a pregnancy top on me as i'm a 34dd, but it doesn't. i've received many compliments on the top, its incredibly well made and has beautiful detailing. it is sheer so you'll need something under. the material is quite light as well which is nice.
My new favorite top to throw on
So first off, yes, these are almost mind-numbingly expensive. however, i think the design and quality are absolutely there. the label "low-rise" always makes me wary (as someone who is curvy, low rise often = muffin top danger and bad early 2000s flashbacks), but the low rise design of these is actually great. they are mainly low rise in the front, angling down slightly toward the button, and in the back they are, not super high, but more of a mid rise, so you won't have to be really careful ben
A swing top by tiny done right. this is a well made top that fits in all the right places, no gapping arm pit! the fabric has a design in it and i think this is a blouse that can be worn all year. the blouse does run large and depending on the chest size, you may have to go down two sizes. i went for the large at first just because swing tops are so short but realized i would need a medium and the length was still perfect. it did not flare out to where you looked like an expectant mother.
This is a wonderful, cheerful spring dress. the material is slightly thicker than expected. (i suppose i thought it would be a little thinner or more summery, but it really works for both seasons.). the fit is exactly spot on as i would expect for tracy reese. i'm 5'2", 110, 32-24.4-32, and ordered the 0p. colors and fit are just like the product photo. highly recommended.
This is a great summer skirt that is good for work or casual wear. the fabric is soft and the colors go with most anything. one downside is it wrinkles easily.
Fits true to size and has a great shape. i get compliments each time i wear it, glad i purchased it.
Trying hard to stay away from tops that are basic tees and branch out with patterns and different cuts. never thought i'd find both in one top. love this! i put it on and knew i had to take it home. it's fitted but not, busy but just enough so, and it's made in the usa! can't go wrong.
I'm so happy i decided to take a chance and order this top. it is gorgeous! so flattering on, the perfect length, beautiful colors. i could go on and on. peplums can be tough but this one hits perfectly on me. runs true to retailer sizing so stick with what you normally order. i'm 5'6" and 125lb and the s was for me.
Cozy and nice quality. great fit and runs true to size. could wear this every day
Purchased this dress for a garden wedding and received so many compliments. the print is very lovely and the fit was true to size. i was mildly thrown off by the waffle texture of the material as it caused the dress to be a tad clingier than the picture led me to believe, but it was not a deal breaker. loved that it was lined and, though feeling substantial, was not heavy and thus comfortable in 90 degree weather. looking forward to wearing this again.
Big bust, smallish waist... this top is so cute and flattering! absolutely love it
This is a treasure and "must buy", friends! tiny designs the most amazing blouses and shirts, and i feel stoked to have gotten this one. the level of detailed embroidery on the front and tiny silver and gold sequins on silver net lace at the shoulders is artistic and well-designed. i've always found the tiny brand to be predictably one size small, but, when i get past my ego and order one size up to a large, i am sooooo satisfied. this sartorial work of art is completely lovely! i have a busty f
This top is just a beautiful as in the picture. it runs true to size and has a beautiful flattering shape on. it looks great with jeans and sandals for a casual look but can easily be dresss up too. i'm 5'3 so sometimes i need petite sizing but i liked the length of the regular fit with this top. first time i wore it i received tons of compliments.
This shirt is perfect! bought charcoal and ivory. compliments galore, super cute with jeans, workout pants. love it!
This is my first ever jumpsuit purchase, and i love it! the retailer by me luckily had an xs in stock for me to try, and it fit perfectly (i'm 5'7", 120lbs, slim). looking at the pictures i was a little concerned the jumpsuit would be short, but the length actually hits me closer to my ankles (still a couple inches above). the jumpsuit feels nice and light and comfortable and not difficult to get in and out of. the embroidery detail on the shoulders is a nice touch and the print is fun. would defi
I'm not a blazer girl but this one is perfect in the sense that it's not overly structured and stiff. it is really soft and comfortable but still holds it's shape. i am planning to wear it with a tee shirt and denim or even some leather leggings (pilcro).i can see this being dressed up for work or church. a great piece for your wardrobe. i could have taken a small but decided on the medium in case i wore something a little thicker underneath.
Perfect fall top! extra long sleeves perfect for keeping the chill off.
I really love this jumpsuit! i purchased it for my honeymoon and my husband loved it! i am 5'1 and 95 pound and i purchased the petite xxs - it fits very well! it is a comfy, thin and lightweight material, not too fitted, but definitely hugs my butt and thighs, more than my stomach and chest. i absolutely love this jumpsuit - colors are more brilliant in person! the only reason i put 4 stars for the quality, is because the first piece i ordered had a defective snap. i re-ordered the jumpsuit aga
I was monitoring this sweater dress online for quite some time hoping it goes on sale, but as soon as i saw the lighter color sell out i decided to grab the blue version before it runs out as well. it's a simple yet comfortably beautiful dress at the same time. it looks about the same as it does on the model color/fit only in the neck is a little wider with bordered collar, which makes it more interesting. i'm 6ft tall 160lb, ordered a large and i felt the dress was a bit oversized, but with tha
These pants are super flattering. they can be worn to work or on the weekend dressed up or down. they are slimming and fit very nicely. my only complaint is that they start to look worn, the black fades, as you wash them over time. please don't stop carrying them!!
I love that his blazer is soft and not so structured. so great for a business casual environment. the gray goes with everything and is already a staple in my wardrobe.
I love this tunic. i am 22 weeks pregnant and the large fit great. i wish it were a little longer but will be great with leggings and perfect for the fall/winter seasons.
Really cute top, the material is soft and feels like great quality. love the loose cut and slight detail to the simple shirt.
I love this shirt so much!!! i ordered the gray a day after i received the sage color. this shirt is soft, true to size, comfortable and extremely flattering. it is one of my new favorite go-to shirts. retailer - great job at finding a stylish, casual top that can take me through all the seasons.
Never thought i would buy a jumpsuit, but this one is gorgeous. i put true to size. i ordered a m and a l. i kept the l because i like the looser fit. weigh 150# and am 5' 6 1/2" tall. i carry any extra weight at my waist and the l just looked better. i almost always wear a m in retailer clothes. love the feel of it and the way it looks on me. really looking forward to wearing it. on sale it is a great buy.
I purchased this in navy and love it. my only complaint is that is is a little big in the shoulders. i am about 5'4", 129 lbs and the small is still a bit too big. aside from that, it is a great design and length and i've worn it both with jeans and leggings / boots.
Cute embroidered mixed textiled shirt. super comfy maybe runs a little small across chest but has a nice stretch so it accommodates well. a great transition piece.
I was worried the green might be on the shiny side, but it's not. it's a really nice color for fall and the stitching is gorgeous. like in other tiny tops, this top runs small, so order up a size. in most of retailer tops, i'm a small or medium, but in this, i take a large --- a perfect fit. i'm a 36c. is a little on the pricey side, but got on sale, so all smiles here.
This is a great shirt, fits perfect and super comfortable but you feel stylish and pretty
I purchased this jumpsuit in the store and i am so pleased with it. i am usually a 10 or 12 top and the large was good. the med was too tight on my bust. love the print very feminine without looking like pjs. cream background is beautiful. fabric is light and cool and i love the pockets. i was hesitant about the short length but i like it. this is a special piece. it's hard to find jumpsuits like this.
Similar to the previous reviewer, i'm also between sizes and for pencil skirts it's usually the larger size that end up fitting. whether this skirt runs large or maybe because it has a slight stretch, my smaller size (10) fits perfectly and seems comfortable enough to wear on a long flight or road trip. the fabric is wonderful, the skirt length is great for work, and the styling is really nice with added detail of buttoned loops at the waist. if i had one negative comment it would be an itty bit
I am an avid yoga fan so when i saw this tee i had to have it. i am usually a m/size 10 but as this tee is fairly sheer, i did better exchanging for a large. the fabric is so soft and it is very comfortable. a must have for yogis!
I am currently studying at a university where i am constantly reviewed on how i dress. if i'm underdressed i get comments and if i'm overdressed i get even more comments. the other day i wore a plain navy blue blazer and people asked me all day what the occasion was. for me, this blazer is a nice solution to the standard uniform blazer. the stripes and light grey color make this blazer more casual for me, but i still feel put together for class. the fit is also excellent and doesn't feel boxy at
I got this top in black and didn't realize until i got it that it has velvet accents. it is beautiful, sophisticated and can be a great party, work, or play top!
I bought this to use over the holidays. it is extremely comfortable and i've received multiple complements. you can dress it up or wear it casual.
Really great shirt, i made the mistake of ordering normal size (xs) and it was way too small. this is more like ordering in dress shirt size- so think 4, 6, 8, etc, definitely going to have to send back and order up to s or m. will be a keeper once i get the right fit!
Many thanks to all previous reviewers that convinced me to try this blazer. i bought it in navy and it is absolutely perfect. i love its simple lines, softness, and quality of the material. it transitions easily from work to casual. i paired it with mirabella lace top and skinny jeans for a look that is both practical and beautiful.
Although this is not my husband''s favorite (he prefers things a little more tailored). i absolutely adore this! i got this in the ivory/cream color not realizing they had it in two more colors. i just ordered the blue. i loved the way the size small fit (not as wide), but the medium for my height (5'7") fit better and was longer. if i want to wear it as a dress, i could. i highly recommend this!! well made and looks great!!!
I absolutely love this dress. the quality is perfection. the design is adorable and it is comfortable! i paired it with leggings and short boots and worked 10 hours in it. and i worked a large event so i wansup moving things and active almost the entire time. it was the perfect combination of dressing up for work yet being fully functional! oh and the neck line ads that extra touch of style that makes it a great piece. love this! it is also true to size. i have a medium.
I got this in a medium, its really big, i added a belt and ir looks alot better, the medium seems like a large, im a size 6 or 8, should have gotten a small, now they are out will use the medium with a belt
This print is so cool! the shirt is just a little loose so order your usual size and it will fit perfectly.
I tried this on as a fluke.  i work at retailer and like to see the fit of everything so i can talk about it with customers.   it is so chic!  it makes your butt look amazing!  i tried it on with nude booties, but i could also see it with a great heeled sandal, or flats.  don't overlook this beauty!!
This piece was so gorgeous that i bought it despite how impractical it is to wear it in honolulu. it's honestly the perfect little number to wear if you want to go for a late autumn/early winter stroll in the city. it's incredibly comfortable and versatile. i've worn it on cool mornings in honolulu as a dress with booties, and a few months ago, i wore it to minneapolis and added leggings and a warm pea coat. depending on how you choose to accessorize the look, it can be casual or professional. i
This versatile tunic is a mini dress on me (5'3" 36dd) when i wear size l and warm sweater when i wear size m. i love the boxy yet flattering cut, the cute neckline and the warm smooth knit fabric. wish i had gotten my hands on the cream colorway!
I purchased this sweater online and it's amazing. styling with jeans is nice but to me dark navy pants works the best.
The design is so cute (people in different yoga poses, small and subtle prints) and a must for a yogini. i love the colors, it's colorful but not too bright and it's beautiful against the white background. i ordered xs (i'm 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips) and it fit perfectly (it has a fitted look but not tight because it has some stretch from the soft cotton material). i like the fact that there's no stretchy spandex feel, just pure soft cotton feel. it's great for gals who are conscious about the arms
Love this top! it's light weight and very comfortable! it's great for wearing around the house or going out for a casual dinner. would love to get it in more colors!
I think this t-shirt is so cute. simple but cute. i originally ordered this in medium. i washed and wore it once but realized it was really too big. my normal size is small so i reordered it. it is slightly shear for my taste so i do wear a cami underneath. i plan to wear this to my 2 year old's gymnastics class. it is little yoga people but close enough! i normally hang dry all my clothes from retailer as they can be quite delicate but the first one i washed did wash well.
I purchased this dress for a summer celebration. i am petite, but ordered the dress in a misses size (one size smaller) because i wanted it to hit right at the knee, rather than the shorter above-the-knee length pictured. i loved all about the dress - the fact that the colors are more vibrant than in the picture and that is has a beige slip.. i dressed it up with gold chandelier earrings and nude sandals and got compliments form almost everyone. i am planning to dress it down with espadrilles.
I am not a bright clothing person but adore this top. if this is the right red for you i highly recommend.! it is a beautiful bright red no orange tones so really works with my skin tones. it is a very comfy shirt and although it is a stretchy fabric it did not show any lumps or bumps in the upper back. has a beautiful flow to it and looks not only great with jeans but really cute with a patterned sweater pencil skirt i bought at retailer a couple years ago and always with a good old black pencil
My daughter tried this on in the store yesterday and loved it. it fits perfectly; true to size - the quality of the fabric and style is lovely. a fun jacket to layer with.
I really love this pant. ordered online and they fit well. they're cute, edgy with the fray at the bottom. corduroy material. awesome!
Love this dress. it is airy, lightweight, and comfortable - the kind of dress i'm sure i will wear all summer long. from the pics online i thought the sleeves would have embroidered detail, however it was just the print of the fabric. i like it just the same. it comes with a slip underneath so it swings nicely. i ordered it in both a s and xs. there is plenty of fabric and it is not at all cling-y so the xs was fine. excited to wear it!
This is a review of customer service in general,from several issues with online shopping! i don't understand why you ask for my opinion and say it counts when clearly it does not.i have had a lot of issues. receiving parcels from one of your carriers,laser ship and i have reported the issues to them and retailer,but it appears only the good parts are read.this poor service cost me money in postage and lost discounts but again i'm ignored,and i had to order my last returned parcel again pay more fo
This is a perfect dress for work or fun. flattering and flow with lovely little subtle details.
I absolutely love this dress! the pictures don't do it justice. the colors and details are stunning! i have only worn it once this far but received a ton of complements.
Plan to wear this with pants. may not fit some body types due to the tie and cocoon sleeve styling, but i recommend trying on before deciding. truly stunning athough the weight of the silk is very light. would have been better at this price point if it was heavier weight, but still not a bad value.
When i'm looking for something comfortable to wear that looks effortless and cool, this is the top i pick! i ended up buying it in navy too. it's really soft, ur washes well, and it's great quality! a must have.
This is wearable avant-garde fashion! yes, the swing is oversized...it's supposed to be. that's the design! fits perfect at arms and across the chest. i'm 5'3, 127 and orders a 2p. it's perfection! just understand what you're buying. high fashion. high quality.
I am a huge fan of absolutely everything tanvi kedia designs. her clothing is intricate, boho, colorful and fits like a dream. when i saw this online i had to have it. it just arrived today and its everything i imagined it to be! the fit is more like the studio pics and less like the first catalog pic. the dress definitely has some room, but it isn't quite as swingy as the catalog photo. i have a lot of curves, so it may be swingy on a more slender figure. i ordered an xl mostly because of the s
I decided to order both the black & sand colors in the m/l. very soft & fit is perfect. has adjustable straps. wore under my racerback tank today for my usual walk. the bra & straps were not exposed. it did not rub or irritate at all. it will work well under other tops i have & some dresses that are racerback style. i have other racerback bras but they just haven't worked out - either too uncomfortable or the straps show anyways. this one is perfect! it's soft & lightweight. it has some moderate
I love these pants! they are slimming, can be easily dressed up or down, and they are super soft and comfortable.
This top is absolutely gorgeous in person. i am usually a size 12 in everything..pants and tops but this one i ended up getting a size 10. definitely size down otherwise the top will slide back on you and the arm holes will be crazy big. but it's a great top for summer. very cool and light. and the v-neck back and front is just so pretty. great buy!
Everything about this blouse is perfect - the color, the drape, the detail. so flattering and easy to wear. i just love it!
This is a gorgeous, well-fitting top! i was hesitant to even try it on because i was sure it would require a strapless bra, which i avoid. nope. worked perfect with my nude bra. i am 32d so need a real bra, but wore an unlined, underwire bra with no show through. great with denim shorts or more polished with dressy pants or dark jeans.
I never write reviews, but these socks are so worth it! they are incredibly soft, stretchy, and hug your feet just tight enough where you don't even realize you're wearing socks, but they aren't too tight.  i wash them straight away after wearing so i can wear them again. you won't regret it. true to color!
This has become a go-to work staple in my closet. soft, with a relaxed fit, makes this a very easy piece to work the day away in while still pulling off a dressy casual appropriate for my office. highly recommend
Ag jeans have become my favorite and these didn't disappoint. ridiculously comfortable! i think they run a tad big, but maybe not enough to size down. just enough to where i'll need to wash them more often, maybe.
Love, love these jeans. being short they come right to my ankle. super soft and don?t require any hemming. i ordered my typical jean size of 26 and they fit like a glove. would love to have these in black and grey.
Ooo la la! sooo chic! sooo retailer!!
Love this blouse, it fits tts, and it accentuates all the right curves. the color is a lovely shade of pale peach, and while it's true that some of the buttons aren't cut, it's an easy fix, you just have to take a small pair of sharp scissors, and carefully cut the uncut threads--it didn't even take me 5 minutes to do, then you can button or unbutton in whatever way feels comfortable for you. it just makes you look and feel effortlessly sophisticated. busty girls, don't be shy--i have a 34 h bus
This jacket is a neutral color with a subtle print that adds great character. the stitching around the edges is cute. the shape is very flattering and not too boxy as some open jackets can be. a perfect layering piece!
This blouse does run large especially in the length of the sleeves (but the rest of the shirt fit well) pretty pretty blouse. hides bulges, runs a little long. super soft material. a must have for fall!!!
This blouse is so much cuter in person! and it's more golden than yellow so it's not as bright which makes it easier for blondes to wear. i tried it on thinking i'd never be able to pull the color off but loved it enough to try, and wow so perfect! i had to get it and it was on sale. love this and happy to add it to my antro collection!
Beautiful and chic. so glad i tried it on!
Love everything about this. the color is gorgeous - great fall addition to any wardrobe. the tassels are cool - usually don't like things like that.  i wear a small or medium in retailer, usually small, and i purchased the small.
Haven't seen a top as fun and unique as this without being "too much" in a long time. i typically like a little longer with skinny jeans/leggings but this does the job of hitting at a good spot just at my crotch and the bottom of my behind. it's the right amount of swing at the bottom to wear out (not sure i could tuck it in and make it look right as in the photo), the "bell" at the sleeve bottoms adds just the right amount of detail as does the neck detail and ties. the color is beautiful and i
I am wearing these as i type this. they are unbelievably cozy. would wear them as loungewear if it weren't for the fact that they also look so so cute and i want to wear them out. so soft and a really good fit. higher than my other leggings so i don't have to pull them up ever. but also just really fashionable looking. love!!! one of my favorite retailer purchases ever.
Very flattering and looks much better on than on the mannequin in store. i an in between small/medium and went with medium which was looser in back and did not show any lumps or bumps. great with jeans, pencil skirts and capris .
White, lace, peplum...all my jams so this top was a no brainer order. what i didn't realize was how cozy the cotton would be. it was like just wearing a cozy tee, but looked so much better. i am 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, and the small fit perfectly.
The slubbed palette tee fits perfectly. it's very comfortable and looks cute with jeans. i'll be ordering more in other colors. i really like that its made in the us too.
Great tee! color is vibrant, material is soft, fits great.
So i almost returned this top without trying it on because i've been binging on tops with thin blue lines but so glad i didn't!! i'm busty like ddd36 and i weigh 170, but i got the 8 and it fits like a glove! perfection!! plus i got it on sale!! so fab!
I love this shirt. i actually bought two in black (my "uniform"), then decided to order one in white as well. however, the white shirt fit differently than the two black ones! it was significantly shorter; over 2' shorter! while the black tee is the perfect length, the shorter white version wasn't flattering on me and kind of flared out around my waist...not the best look. that being said, i know the black shirt will be in heavy rotation for a while, and the people at retailer were very und
I love this blouse! it is such a classic silhouette. the fit is not so loose on me as the model, but i have a much more curvy figure at a size 14/large. i am completely coverd up in this top, and the waistline is incredibly flattering to a full figure. the lace makes this top easily able to go from dressy to casual. i can see myself wearing this top again and again. great purchase.
These pants are a must for any girl's summer warm weather wardrobe! i tried them on in the store and loved them. but... i am just over 5' and they were too long in the xs, even with 2.5 inch heels. so i ordered them in an xs petite and they are perfect with my 2.5-3 inch heels.  i love that they are wide-legged! they look cool and are flattering! i am a teacher and plan on wearing them to work during the warmer months with a nice solid tee and a statement necklace. and of course, heels. i highl
I could not resist this top. it is super cute, the material is nice and thick (you can get away with wearing no bra). shows off your bronzed or creamy skin to perfection. i can't wait to wear this :). i think the cut is very flattering for all figures. top might be a bit tight for very big busted ladies though.
Love the pleating on this top. looks great with my white jeans. it's lightweight and has a slight sheerness.
Love this top, the contrasting lace/eyelet is pretty and interesting. it flairs in a flattering way.
I tend to go back and forth between small and xs and i"m glad i got the xs... its great and still flow and not huge. to wear alone you need a strapless but i am happy it has adjustable straps. the lace on the back is fabulous snd the colors in this are so lovely! it has olive green and deep orange, two of my fall favs! i wore with my level 99 deep orange linen pants and an olive green little jacket over it. would also be lovely with jeans and booties... a creamy cardigan or a little blazer. i th
This dress is so pretty and the neckline is darling!
This dress is beautiful and timeless. i wore it to a wedding and received so many compliments. i love how i can also wear it to so many other engagements. i plan to wear it for mother's day brunch, a friend's wedding shower, and know that the clasic cut will be a staple in my closet for years to come. the quality is what you expect for the price and is well worth your investment.
Love the muted orange color and the design. it's lightweight and will be perfect for fall days!
This blouse is so beautiful and feminine. it fits loosely and is see thru, so you do need to wear a cami underneath it. it is very comfortable to wear. i got many compliments when i wore this blouse. all the delicate lace on it just makes you feel very pretty in it. however, be extra careful when you do wear it. i'm still not quite sure how it happened, but the lace in the front got a small hole right in the front on my first time wearing it. it's so pretty i just hope i can get it fixed so it w
Love, love, love! this is true retailer! from the style to the mix of sweater types and the "surprise" pleats in back!  i wore it for the first time yesterday and received compliments all day!  so glad i bought two colors!
Perfect! wanted a dress for a mexican vacation. this fits the bill exactly. fabric has enough weight to hang well and cover any "flaws". love!
I love this sweater. i bought it in black and love the way the back falls gently and flatters my figure. i'm curvy on bottom w/ a butt and tummy so i like to cover them but i don't want to look like i'm wearing a moo-moo. this top looks chic. it's the right shape to flow gently. it's just the right detail to be different in an understated way. i wear it w/ leggings and jeggings because it falls low enough to cover my butt. neckline is good-- i'm a 34b and it's flattering. not sure if it will fla
Yep, i used to have a nice body, but now have the dreaded menopause stomach... and some excess baggage. this dress was very flattering. wore it today, easter sunday and had literally a dozen people seek me out to tell me how great the dress was or how nice i looked. it is a bright pink, think pepto bismol! heavy brocade type fabric plus a great cut = hiding my stomach and rear!! plus the lower neckline emphasized my nicer areas! very pleased to find a dress for us older women to look fresh and f
From the website picture (in particular, the gray one) this may appear to be "over-sized." i can assure you, it is not. i have to return the small i ordered on the over-size assumption, and hope the medium (my usual size) fits because it's a really nice top. the sleeves and the pattern of the weave give it good pizzazz.
This is a super comfortable and flattering dress and i get compliments every time i wear it! highly recommend!
This dress is amazing! it fits true to size, very flattering and the fabric is beautiful! i am 5'4" and it felt a little long for me so i am having it hemmed up one inch, but others may like the hemline just as it is. i like my dresses just right above my knee and it was hitting in the middle of my knee. just love everything about it and would definitely recommend it highly!
I bought the lavender one and i'm so glad i did. the sweater looks prettier in person and it's super soft! the back detailing makes this one not your average v-neck sweater. i highly recommend this to anyone!
This dress is very flattering and tts. i bought this dress for my brother's wedding at the end of june. i love that it is machine washable, which was the reason i chose this dress instead of another. as another reviewer already mentioned, it is brighter than photographed.
So comfy. i'm 5'8" a-cup & it fits well. i bought a small. an acquaintance of mine has it & she's petite w boobs & it looks great on her too. she has black & i have lavender. great purchase!
Such a great dress! it is super flattering. i love that its not too short on me(i am 5'11).
I'm very pleased with my purchase of this dress. it is perfect for dancing or a spring/summer wedding or doing out. it is very flattering on my rather straight/slender/petite frame. i ordered a size 4 and it was tts. if it only had pockets, it would be absolutely perfect!
Could not resist the fit and detail on this piece - couldn't wait for it to go on sale. the material is so soft and comfortable. it's "just" a black sweater - but the neckline and back details make it unique! thought i would need a large but the medium fit fine. 5'7" 147 lbs
I found this pretty sweater to run true to size. i am between a size large and extra large and the large fit well. it is perfect in the shoulders and body skimming without being too flared at the hem. the lavender is a dreamy light sky blue, true to what my monitor shows. i rarely wear anything but black and gray, but i could not resist this color. the sweater is a medium weight and i anticipate wearing this at the beach with white jeans and now with pale gray narrow wool pants. i really like th
Love the crochet and and it is a great feel with a liner underneath that comes with the dress. a little boxy but another beautiful retailer dress overall :)
This top is gorgeous and it fits much better in real life than pictured on the model. the back is made of soft cotton crochet and it curves beautifully on your lower back emphasizing your lower assets and if you have great shoulders and arms you're going to love this top because your shoulders will stand out. it's made of a light weight linen-cotton fabric. it's very soft and doesn't wrinkle as easily as most linen does, it feels soft on the skin, light-weight, and has a nice bounce to it. it's
I have to admit, seeing these tops online, i wouldn't give them a second glance, but at my local store they were displayed in a gorgeous summery fashion and were so light and airy and flowy (my summer checklist!) i bought both the blue and rust color in an xl. i am a 16/xl/36h and this is one of the few button up shirts that actually fit! i think i might go in and add a snap between the bust line anyway since the buttons are spaced too generously, but there is no pulling. this top does run long,
This is a beautiful dress. figure-hugging but covered up in places that need it. color is flattering and soft. wore with bainbridge layered necklace. bought for an afternoon function and wore with pumps. so versatile, will work for church or cocktail party. great purchase!
I really love this top. they show it's as a bathing suit cover up in the pics but i will wear mine as a top over a cami. it's beautiful and looks expensive. (it is). had to exchange my usual size for one smaller.
I bought one of these in store and then ordered two more online! i love this top. it's loose and hangs just right. i have gotten so many compliments on it. very comfy and cute. pockets too, which is always a plus.
Great dress! i ordered the extra small petite and it fits perfectly!
I just love this. well made, nice fabric and looks just great over pants or jeans. im very pleased with this quirky piece and got it on sale too!
This dress is absolutely like a layered cloud! the material is amazingly soft and comfy.
I really love this dress, it hangs well and clings in all the right places. i ordered this online and the store that sent it had left the security tag in. i sent it back. the tag was taken out and the dress returned very quickly, and without cost to me.
This dress is exactly what i needed.  it's so easily dressed up or down.  heels and jewelry for cocktail this time.
Fabulous with leggings. i am 5'1", 105 lbs and always wear pxs. the pxs was too large and fit like a ps, so order a size down. i really like it, and going to exchange for a smaller size.
I just got this in the mail and wore it for the first time today. it is a beautiful top, the crochet portion of it is very well made and overall the top hangs nicely. the linen though is a little bit rough and scratchy. the lining underneath seems a little delicate and is not stretchy so i felt at moments while sitting that i could have just ripped it with one wrong move. the linen also wrinkles pretty easy in the mid-belly section so there is an ugly line going across, a problem with a lot of l
I love this dress. i'm 5'8", 160 lbs and have no hips, no butt and no waist. i have no curves and thin muscular legs. it's like wearing a cardigan and dress all in one. i paired it with ivory tights and dark brown boots and received tons of compliments.
I can't wear this without getting dozens of compliments. plus, it's comfortable! it's very soft. it is perfect with skinny jeans and boots, with pants, or with skirts. i have paired it with pretty much everything in my wardrobe. everyone wants to know where i got it! it's very well made and the embroidery is well done. it doesn't look like it is going to come undone anytime soon.
I am a pilcro hyphen girl, and now i have these pants to love as well, super comfy and cute, the print is nice and subtle. i'm usually a 29p but the 29 regular is fine.
I usually have a hard time with the sizing as retailer carries so many designers but this dolan top fits absolutely true to size. i am an xs and it fits perfectly, drapes exactly as shown and overall, looks exactly as pictured. the color is an off-white with gold beading and tiny white sequins on a mesh overlay which is lined so there is no show-through which i was concerned about. it is not boxy due to the fabric which is very soft and drapes nicely over your curves. there is just enough b
I bought this dress for summer celebrations. the fabric is beautiful and the colors are soft and enhance the flow of the dress. the fit is true to size and i especially like that it is not too low cut in the front. i will pair it with a light sweater or denim jacket. definitely a dress than can be dressed up or down. very feminine and has a romantic feel.
Not long ago, i bought a pair of hei hei pants that i love, so when i saw these, i immediately tried them on. i love them too. they are pretty and comfortable, and i am so happy to get away from tight jeans! they are also very flattering. size wise, i find that i have to size down with hei hei, perhaps because they have a looser cut.
Not much to say. fits tts. a beautiful top. colors are striking!!
I ordered this tunic in xl and it fits me true to size. it's such a fun piece to wear. i like all of the embroidery which was done in beautiful colors and stitched well. the different fabric and the cut make this a very flattering top. i tie in the green and pink in my jewelry and sweaters when i wear this. it's so comfortable too. i'll get good use out of this top for winter. i like the uniqueness of it.
This is a beautiful piece that can be paired with multiple ways.. the color is rich and classy
I love these jeans! i am always reluctant to change brands, but these are the best! i was pleased from the minute i took them out of the package. the fit is perfect: very skinny, but not too tight! they retain their shape over several wearings, too. the color is a great dark navy. looking forward to a long relationship with these! it's love!
Love the color, fit and feel of these jeans.  the thin material is stretchy and comfortable. i didn't have to pull them up every so often during a 3 hour party.  they didn't bag out after the first wearing and are true to size.  i got a 27p (5'2", 115#).  the leg length is perfect and ends at the ankle.  the rise wasn't too low for me.  highly recommend!
I didn't think i would like this blouse when i saw it on the website but once i tried it on i was sold. yes, it is see-through but with a cami underneath this blouse can be worn both casually and to work. the best feature? even though it's silk and the tag says "dry clean only", you can absolutely hand wash this blouse in cold water and air dry. i did and it came out perfect with no wrinkles! i took my usual small (i'm 32c and 122 lbs) and love how versatile this blouse will be.
I got lots of compliments! fabric is thin but not too thin, perfect for summer and fall. you can roll up higher or even down to full length or ankle (depends on your leg length).  fit is relaxed but not too loose. these pants are stretchy and very comfortable. i have bigger thighs & calves with small waist and flat butts, i am definitely not a fan of skinny pants/yoga pants, so i often have problem finding the perfect pants that don't show off the silhouette of my bottoms. these pants solved a
I recently purchased this tunic on sale. the cut of this top is flattering on my curvy figure as it has a cinched in waist. the embroidery is lovely and very bright with several shades of colors. i wore this with black leggings,boots and a green cardigan and received many compliments.
Material is slightly thin- good transitional dress for spring or fall. the waist is not quite as fitted as i would like, but the neck and sleeves are perfect. the length is good, but i am short 5'1" and 105 lbs- xs fit pretty well. a really good purchase- more of a workhorse work dress, and not a wow dress on me, but nice to pair with blazers, jewelry. don't regret the purchase. very comfortable. got compliments when i wore.
This is festival dress epitomized. flowery, flowy, romantic styling. so many layers in a muted color pattern, but also retains heat since it's all polyester. good thing the skirt is swishy to air your legs out. my distress is regarding the length. petite was sold out so i bought the regular with the intention of wearing platform wedges. it's still too long! if i hem, i will lose a lot of the pretty blue pattern.
I had been eyeing this top for awhile and decided to get it when it went on sale. it is a very nice top. i'm going to pair it with jeans and boots for our florida fall but could see it working with a nice pair of pants. it is roomy so if you're looking for something more fitted than i would pass on this top.
I love this shirt! it's gorgeous! got it last night, wore it today, and received compliments all day long.  i don't normally look good in tunic length tops, but somehow there's magic in this one. the seaming on the front totally hides my post-baby pooch. too bad the baby just turned 3 and my pooch isn't going anywhere ...!  adore.
I love this dress. it is so cute! i have another dress from the same brand (hutch) in almost the exact same shape/style so i was excited to see this one is so similar to the other dress i love. i am 5ft 8in and 145lbs, and medium fits perfectly. it's snug at the top (but not tight) and the skirt is full but not too full. the fabric is slightly thinner than i expected, but still like it a lot. if i could change one thing, it would be one inch longer....hits a tiny bit more above the knee than i t
Just bought these. they are my fourth pair. they are comfy, flattering and versatile.  i pretty much live in these cargos on the weekends.
Very flattering. i am 36c and short torso and the small fit like a glove . the medium was a bit loose and gapped some on the side of my breasts. need to wear strapless bra. really cute style and goes with several of the patterned capri pants i bought at retailer this spring !!
I fell in love with this shirt in the store and it has become one of my favorite items in my closet! the bright pink contrasts perfectly with the white peplum bottom and the fit is wonderfully flattering!
I love this top! it's the perfect lightweight top for summer and the details are so feminine and pretty. the fit is extremely flattering. the arm holes are not too large (i.e. do not have to worry about exposing bra). i think you can dress it up with heels, wear it casually with shorts, & also pairs perfectly with kimonos. i'm 5'4, 130 # and i took my usual retailer size in this, size small.
Love the blouse and the best part is the back side ! this brand never ceases to fall short for fit and style. try it on to see
Tried the xs in store (and 115 lbs, 30dd, 5'1.5"): fit like a glove, the chest part was fitted on me, the white is almost not see through, but nowadays, that seems acceptable (see though). the material is typical of meadow rue, cotton like, and airy. it is a basic white with styling. the top part also has some dimension, i overall thought this would look nice with my white shorts or with some nice jeans and blazer.
Love this top, the cut is nice and is similar to the previous one that was denim, love hte colors, but they looked awful on my skin tone unfortunately.  sizing is true to size, i tried on the regular size, not petite, and it was fine (my usual 0 or 2, went with 0 as tjhis top is a looser fit, 2 would be boxy). the lace part is a nice added detial, the plaid is soft flannel. color is a salmon colr, with navy, but the dominant color washed me out (i am fair). love it otherwise!
I received this in the mail today and i liked it from the minute i tried it on and looked in the mirror. it is a unique piece to compliment black pants or jeans. i hope to be able to wear it with leggings if it covers my bum so i will have to try it on with leggings to see. the fabric is nice and it fits well and compliments my figure. it is longer as it appears on the model. i do recommend you give it a try especially at the sale price!
This is a beautiful, simple, yet feminine top. a little tight in the bust on me - so i had to size up (and i am not busty). for reference, i am 117 5'3 34b. i'm probably in between a small and x-small on this - but went with the small.
I love this shirt, i had my eye on it for awhile but wasn't sure what size i'd be, so i went to the store to try. they only had a small which i figured i would be but it was a little large and not as fitted as i would like it across the chest. i got an xs and it was perfect; i am 5'1 about 120 lbs and a small c cup and it fits great. i love it!!
I like the top; like the tie in the front. the material is stretchy. would imagine this will work for any size of chest. i wear either a small or medium, so thought i'd be safe order the medium, which turned out to fix more like a large. i'm taking it back for the small.....as it's a keeper.
I am currently loving anything that crosses or ties around the stomach area to hide what's left from my most recent pregnancy. this tunic fits the bill. the material has the perfect amount of stretch and the length was just right. i am very petite and bought my usual size xs. i would have liked to try this tunic in a petite size, but then it  may have been too short. i plan on wearing this to work with leggings and for running errands once the weather warms up.
I wasn't immediately attracted to this shirt, but decided to try it on. i loved it on! it is comfortable and very flattering. i'm a small person, and the length wasn't overbearing on me. it was full, but the stitching around the chest gives it shape and is flattering to a smaller chested person. i'm not sure how it works on a fuller person, but my guess is it may surprise you!
Love, love, this top! it's flattering (shows off your shoulders) soft and has delicate embroidery. i typically order a xxsp in antro tops as i'm very petite but decided to order both xxsp and xxs, just to see the difference. the xxs worked better as the xxsp was too short in length and kind of looked like i was trying to fit into a child size top. the xxs is a perfect length. it's my new favorite and i can see keeping this in my wardrobe for a long, long, time.
The lightweight knit and flattering colors made this top so perfect for me that i bought it for full price. it's big, so i'd size down. you'll still get a forgiving shape, flattering colors and just a really nice option for work or off hours.
This top is fun, in a soft fabric - i got the navy ad bright - great for summer. but top does run large, i usually get a medium, but sized down to a small.
I read the other reviews before i ordered this top and was a little concerned about the fabric, but it's fine. the neutral color is a little bland, but i can wear it with bright pants. since i expected it to run large i ordered a small. the tie in the front makes it fit like a dream, plus it looks amazing from the back.
Love this shirt. i am actually pregnant and this shirt ties right over my baby bump to make for a very flattering pregnancy shirt. i will definitely be wearing it post pregnancy as well since the tie is an actual tie and you can tie it however tight you want for a more fitted or loose look. i am 5'4 125 lbs (not pregnant) and got a size small. and it fits perfectly. covers problems areas of butt and upper thighs, yet accentuates the waist. and thinner area of legs. very soft fabric, a bit stretc
Love this top. it's very comfortable,  and flatters  my midsection. versatile piece.
This top is really pretty. i love the details on the back tail of the shirt. the colors in this shirt are really pretty more like a peachy pink to me. i will however line dry this shirt because of the different fabric on the tail of the shirt. i would not iron that portion of the shirt either. overall, i am completely in love with this shirt. it will be a staple in my closet.
I love this tee! i got the navy color and the quality is good. it's a light and soft linen that is opaque. (i can't vouch for the other color though). it's a very loose fit,but it's not boxy and the sleeves are still well fitted and comfortable instead of gaping or huge. i'm very short and the xsp comes to my hip. i'm almost tempted to get the other other in regular just so i can tuck it with skirts and pants too... the only issue i could see is that because the neck is a bit wide, it might show
This top is the perfect combo of function and flair! the style of the top makes it easy to wear and the back detail is just lovely. i love that it can be worn as either a buttoned-up top or a light over-shirt with a t-shirt or camisole underneath. i would pair this with blue or gray skinny jeans.
I am very pleased with this purchase. a nude colored racer back bra works perfectly under it and does not show through.   i have worn this with jean shorts and linen pants and it looks great with both. it is slightly on the dressy side so i also plan to wear it to work  paired with a skirt or dress pants and a cardigan.   i am a 34a  and size small  fits nicely.
I saw this shirt and it was love at first sight. i have never had so many strangers randomly compliment me until i wore this beautiful top. fits great, looks even better.
This was such a great top! see thoughts below!  ___________ pros: - fits tts. for reference, i'm 5'9, 36c, hourglass. i'm normally a m or l (10 or 12) depending on the fit and found the medium to fit well and not be too tight at all. i could have probably sized down for a snugger fit, but i like the looseness. fit very well across the chest and arms. - the sleeves are surprisingly flattering. i've dealt with other tops where the sleeves flutter too much and adds too much weight and attentio
I love this top. i've washed it a couple of times now and i can say it holds pretty well unlike what another reviewer said. it's very good quality, for me it is true to size, i'm 5'2, 127lbs, 36b and the small was perfect. i wear it with a strapless bra. overall, a great purchase that i can pair with almost anything.
Such a great shirt! loved the fit and how it feels! i paired it with grey jeans! loved it so much i ordered it in another color for myself and ordered one for a friend!!!
This shirt is extremely soft and fits well. great length and perfect casual shirt for fall.
Very elegant feel and look. love the side zip, sliming feature. great all around pant to dress up with heals or boots for work.
I bought these pants in the green and in black. they are the most comfortable work pants ever! almost as if you are wearing leggings and not pants. the material is really thick hiding any imperfections.the satin detail allows for them to be a little more dressy. i am 5'6" and 155 and i ordered a 10. they are a little large in the waist but a perfect fit everywhere else. the also hit right below my ankle bone. i highly recommend these pants for anybody who is on the go for there job a lot because
This dress is just right for weddings and all- it fits nicely-the skirt makes it fun and it feels so comfortable-it is just a perfect solution for fun evening dress- i always carry a camera to weddings and this will be so great to wear while i am taking photos. it looks current but easy to move around in-
Just a wonderful shirt -- fabric is so soft, it feels like pajamas, and the blue is just perfect. there's a different blue plaid as a lining, and i almost wish it was reversible. they're both great patterns! wonderful for fall...
I am loving this shirt. i thought it would look ridiculously long on me but it does not. for me this is a great substitute for the cloth & stone fringed plaid buttondown dress. it's definitely not a dress but is long enough to pull off the layered look of wearing a t-shirt and this on top. it will be a great piece for the fall given how incredibly soft and light weight it is. highly recommend.
I am so glad i did not wait to order this dress. the fit is great and is made with great material. i am 5' 7", 110 lbs and ordered a 0. often i have to have a dress altered but it is not the case with this dress. the length falls right at my knee. it is not shown in the photos of the dress but it has a buttoned back slit that has two buttons with a bright orange trim along the slit. a very cure feature. the bright blue back drop is hard to see on the photos as well but is nice.
I purchased this shirt in two colors. it was a bit longer than i was expecting. i'm curvy  5' 2" 180 lbs 36dd and the large fit perfectly.
Great colors, style and fit
I was hesitant about this one since i've tried cloth & stone shirts in-store and found them to be tight in the shoulders and arms. i have athletic shoulders and arms, so i didn't have high hopes for this one. i tried it on in-store and it's surprisingly true to size. i always wear m in tops and this fits perfectly. it is long, but i like that there's enough length that i can tuck it in. for reference i'm 5'3", 130 lbs, a cup, 17" across the shoulders.
I had been looking for a new plaid shirt for fall. this one is perfect! the yellow is muted, but i really like it that way. other reviewers have commented on poor quality, but it doesn't seem that bad to me. definitely recommend!
This shirt is so cute! i was unsure about how flowy the sleeves would be- as i'm not one for frills- but the sleeves sit nicely. also, i am between a size small and medium, i got the small and it definitely is flowy. runs big, so if you like a tighter fit you may want to order a size down. i got the red and it's a perfect autumn / winter color. the cut outs are not too showy- so it's not revealing for us gals who are a little more belly-conscious. it's the perfect shirt to just throw on and go a
Wonderful shirt, soft and flattering... usually wear a medium, but got the large to layer over tanks and leggings. could have easily worn a medium, but large is not frumpy at all
Beautiful blend of colors and the texture of the shirt is so soft...perfect fall weather garment!
I didn't realize how much i would love this. wore it to work the other day and got more compliments than i have in a very long time on an outfit! it's comfortable and easy and flattering. bought this totally on a whim and so glad i did!
I love this dress! the design and colors used are beautifully done. it looks stunning on. can be worn for work or dressed up.
Thicker than you think...the colors are gorgeous and remind you of the changing of the seasons. can not wait to wear when the weather gets cooler. retailer did not disappoint. plan to purchase in other color soon.
This shirt is like the best worn in flannel with a little feminine flair! super soft and great length.
This shirt is made of fabric so soft you can practically feel it with your eyes. i saw it right when i walked into the store and knew that i had to have it. it is unlike any fabric i've ever had: a soft two-ply, almost gauzy cotton. one cute detail is that the "inside" layer is a smaller windowpane plaid than the outside layer. so cute! and so soft! one thickness above cheesecloth, i would say. and like cheesecloth, it has a natural "give" within the weave, but it is not stretchy. the shoulders
The material is super soft and the color is spot on. i have red hair, so purchasing a top in any red tone can be iffy...great transitional top for spring, summer and fall seasons! i accidentally dried mine, (thankfully only on the lowest heat setting) and it shrunk, but just the length a bit. one of my fave retailer purchases.
I noticed that someone wrote a review about how after washing her shirt, she hated it.  well, i have washed mine 2 or 3 times already and have never ironed it.  i do use fabric softener, and i take it out and hang it to dry after it has tossed in the dryer for about 5 minutes.  it is not meant to be a crisp dress shirt, but a soft casual shirt, and as i said before, i have not ironed it once.  it looks like it did when i bought it, even straight out of the dryer.  (i own the yellow and pink!)
I expected this dress to be pretty, but was happily surprised at the level of beautiful detail. it's hard to tell in the pictures, but the dress has a black background with tan embroidery all over, and white embroidered eyelets. the full lining is bright blue and it peeks through the eyelets, with the slit on the back and the inside of the neckline lined in bright orange. the slit on the back has two buttons closing it - a really cute detail. it fit me comfortably (i am 5'7" and 130 - got the si
I don't usually write reviews, but i loved this dress in the store and would have passed it right over online. the skirt is a charcoal color and the top is an antique white. it gives the appearance of a separate crop top. i would usually wear a small (5'2" and 125 lbs.). i'm wearing a small in the photo, but ended up going back for an xs. the dress could go more casual with flats or boots and a scarf, or dressier with heels and jewelry. i think i'll get a lot of use out of it.
This is such a cute and flattering top. it isn't a style i would normally gravitate to, but i liked the color so i thought i'd try it on. i ended up trying on the medium because they were out of my usual large and it fits great. it drapes really nicely and looks super cute with jeans and booties. the little stripe of ladder lace around the middle is a bit see thru but not revealing. it's a nice top for transitioning from summer to fall.
Starts out crisp but not too tight. doesn't over-stretch through the course of the day. very comfortable but looks polished. front pockets sewn together like all verdugo jeans: good particularly because it eliminates the awkward brighter white where actual pockets would show through fabric on other white jeans. washes exceptionally well and holds its shape as well as softness; which is good because being white they pick up stains easily. be careful with underwear lines- thong probably best.
I was looking for a holiday dress to wear to the nutcracker and what is more appropriate than a tulle skirt?! the tulle lays fairly flat so it's flattering rather than being poufy. the top is a thick material, but not quite sweater material. since the top is warmer, it should be fine for winter even with short sleeves (and a cute cardigan or furry coat#. i'm going to sparkle it up a bit with a necklace or belt, but it also looks fine without extra accessories. fits true to size, i'm typically a
Anytime i see this brand at retailer in a button down, i have to buy it. fit is always so flattering, comfy and the prints are always great!
Love this blouse in yellow! fit is true to size, and it looks a feels great.
This dress is so cute. i couldn't make it work because my long torso.
Material is very soft and the cut is flattering. i got the yellow and pink. yellow is more of a brown color, but i still like it.
I love love love these white jeans. the crop style is great as i am 5'1", so the fit is perfect for an ankle jean. these fit the bill in every way. they are so comfy!
This is a dress worth paying full price for, based on the good construction and lacework. i got it for an office event, and although it is low-backed, the high neckline makes up for that! no jewelry necessary with the high collar. i am 5'10 and 135lbs, built like a column, so i got the 6. definitely not for full-figured women, unless you want it long. very cool orange lining and buttons on the back vent.
Very comfortable and cute. true to size. a look for three seasons.
I have one in every color, that is how much i love them! i love that they zip on the side and are high waited. i am 5'4 and got a 4 and they hit me just right.
They're the same quality and fit as my hyphens from last year. easy purchase!
Looking for the perfect camisole that smooths the flab, keeps you warm or cool as appropriate, doesn't ride up, and looks good? this is it! it takes a bit of extra effort to get this cami over your head and pulled down, but once you do, you say "ahhh!" it feels good and is a blessing--a seamless bit of control of middle-age, middle-body flab. for sizing: i wear a size 4 in most clothes, and in this cami, i can wear a small/medium or a medium/large. the former pulls in more, but the later gives m
These are awesome! classic style and quality you'd expect from ag. the mid-rise is nice for moms like me that are not interested in low-rise jeans. tts. i'm 5'8", 135# with a curvy bottom and wear a 29, which is my normal size in ag.
I have purchased several pairs of these pants and love them. i got two pairs last fall, one in purple and one in red. i purchased a pair in sand this spring, and just purchased pairs in the violet and taupe last week. i purchased the violet to replace the purple pair i bought last year (stained them then first time i wore them). these pants are great, but the violet color doesn't quite match the color in the picture (which looks very similar to the pair i bought last year). in person, the violet
Love these! so comfortable, feels like wearing pajama leggings! they're stretchy but don't lose their shape, and the fabric is super soft!
My experience with these have been great and the colors are even more beautiful in person! they're easy to dress up for work and going out and easy to dress down for hanging out on the weekends. i am typically a size 31-32 and 30's fit me like a glove. i also typically wear petite but don't like the just-above-the-ankle cut of these so i purchased them in regular and wear them as pants. i can un-cuff them with heals/wedges or keep the double cuff and they hit me perfectly as full-length pants wi
These chinos are the best.  the fit is always true to size. the quality is great and the new fall colors are beautiful. my favorite are the plum. these are my go-to pants
This is a beautiful dress! not too interested in yellow but needed it for a wedding this summer. i usually wear a large but returned it for a medium - the large armhole was a little too big. super comfortable and easy.
Look closely and you will be surprised at this awesome print!  the shirt is very soft and comfy.  be warned that it runs huge.  i usually wear a medium or large in this brand.  after many tries, i ended up with a small and it is roomy.  this looks so cute under a jacket too.
I purchased the violet chino's in my local store. the color to me is more plum than violet but a nice shade still. the fit was perfect and they are oh so comfortable. i bought size 27 (weight fluxes 116-118). i can see having several pairs of these in other colors because of the comfort level and they work for fall, spring and summer. in the warmer states even winter. the fabric has a soft feel to it.
Bought these pants for a long trip through south east asia. tried them on at home and instantly fell in love with the relaxed yet styled look. will be incredibly versatile on my trip which i need as i am bringing only ~15 pounds of luggage including the bag. they seem breathable and are light weight. super flattering as they are slightly slimming and don't bunch up at the waste. i got the greenish color.
I bought these in pink and added taupe to my wardrobe because one pair is not enough. i found a tiny variation in size between my two pairs, but for the most part they are true to size. i love the just below the navel rise. they pair well with strappy or fringe sandals. i haven't worn them with boots yet, however i think they'll be great since they hug in close to the calf and ankle without being tight. buy them in the size you buy jeans or one waist size smaller if you're sometimes this or some
Fits well. true to size. love the kelly green color and found a blouse to match. the see-through part gives it some oomph and a little extra sexiness without being inappropriate for work. only downside is the beige color--kind of a funky bandaid-colored beige. but the blue and the green balance it out.
These pants fit well, are cute, and are comfortable. they are a nice alternative to jeans.
I ordered 5 pair of these pants and the dye ran everywhere when i washed them according to instructions and then it came out with weird lines and splotches in the pants. i sent them back and retailer was very nice about replacing them. i have yet to wash my 2nd pair but we will see.
I loved this top! the cinched in waist is so flattering. or i'll leave it un-cinched for a super relaxed fit. it's comfortable and light weight so i'll be wearing this into late spring/ early summer. i've worn it with the green pilcro slim pants, i've worn it unbuttoned over a basic black knee length jersey dress, i've worn it over a bathing suit in west palm beach. i can't wait to find more fun ways to wear it!
As other reviewers have stated it is hard to see in the photos that the dress has iridescent blue/pink/lavender sequins. i was surprised as well but in a good way. i think it has a unique look and is so pretty and romantic. its a vision of shimmer when you are walking. if you have somewhat of a bust i would size up because the triangles run a little small. other than that its a beautiful dress.
I would not have purchased this had i not seen it at my local (2 hrs away!) store. as the previous review mentioned, the red is gorgeous! very saturated color, just lovely. it does run large. i am 5'10", 135lbs. i typically wear medium but chose small and could possibly have done xs but i wanted the extra length.
I was hesitant to purchase this because of the price, but the design really spoke to me. i've been waiting for an off the shoulder piece that i love, and this was it. great, light fabric and beautiful design. i love it. worth every penny. can be worn on or off the shoulder like pictured.
The color is deep coral and perfect for fall to top jeans or leggings. i love the big slouchy look so the drapey quality is a plus.
Love this sweater!  lightweight, comfy and does run large.   i usually wear a size 12 or l/xl in sweaters cause i don&#39;t like them to fit tight.  i read reviews and ordered a medium and it&#39;s perfect!  can&#39;t go wrong!  i ordered the red, but am now thinking of ordering the grey one!
Such a great purchase! the fit is so flattering to my 5'3" frame. i usually wear an extra small/small, but i opted for an extra small after reading a review; i'm glad i did. i also did not get the petite, but i imagine it would have a similar fit without the length this has. it flows, yet hits my curves in all the right places. i will say, i'm a c cup and if you have larger breasts, the extra small may not accommodate them as it is just right on me. the black is so slimming especially when pared
I really love the fit of this classic scoop neck tee. i am 5'8", 140 lbs, and 34 a/b. i am typically a size xs/s or 2/4 in all retailer tops. however, this brand (velvet) runs small. i had to order a size medium. the fit is slim to your body and is a little sexy with the low scoop neck! the fabric is very soft and a little thin. i am a little concerned how it is going to wash, it seems a little delicate. but i will wash it on the delicate cycle and line dry it. i ordered the black (classic
I purchased this shirt in black. luckily, it was on sell. it can be dressed up or dressed down. it's so easy to just throw this on with skinny pants or jeans. i got it on sale too. i just hope that i can keep it for years since it will always be in style.
I originally bought this tunic in black, and loved it so much i bought the rose as well. normally tunics make me look like a box, but the tie on this one makes it super flattering.
I was hesitant to get this piece but for the price i couldn't resist and i'm so glad i got it !! it is beautiful in person and can be worn so many  different ways.  it really makes you look slim too ! i got the size small and i am 5'4 and 130 lbs and it's a perfect fit !!
I wore this dress to a couple different summer parties already, and i love it! it looks better belted on my curvy frame. i really like that the straps are adjustable and the versatility of this dress!  perfect lightweight material in this summer heat.  i'm not sure why reviews say its sheer- its not sheer at all! the fabric isn't hugging your body at all and you just need nude colored undergarments.
I bought this top in black, and it fits my body type really well. it is probably one of my favorite purchases from retailer recently. the black top is really slimming and is a great cut. i usually have trouble finding tops that are long enough for me, but this top is definitely a great length.
Soft and cozy, the orange is vibrant, the green is more subtle and has gray tones. usually wear a small, bought the xxs ! too full and too sloppy in the xs ad small.
Top fiits true to size- i'm 5''6", 132# and avg bra size. i orderd a 4 and it is great.i love the colors and the fabric is realy nice- what i would expect for this price point. the slit at the neck is not too low to be revealing. this would work well with jeans and just as well with dress pants for work.
Great style and fit. will look great with jeans, skirt or leggings!
I got this in the teal and the color is beautiful and i get so many compliments! definitely size down. i am athletic and usually a m and i ordered a small.
Thus sweater is perfect. the fit is exactly as i expected it from other reviews. it is super soft and not at all itchy. i have worn it over a tank top with jeans and boots as well as to work over a dress. the fact that i can wash it is an added bonus. i haven't dried it yet as i am worried it could shrink. i bought this with a discount but it is totally worth full price.
This sweater is buttery soft and warm. it is long and you will want every color. i bought the sky blue and it looks fabulous with so many outfits. i had to get the gray color also. the sleeves are a soft fitted rib material and the body is long and roomy. love love!
Love this cozy sweater for layering. i purchased the green, have the cream saved in my cart, and also love the coral and blue too. 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, ordered size small which was perfect
Eyelash sweaters are all so soft and cuddly but this is the only one i've found what doesn't make me look like a bear. the shoulder cut-outs really help create a   flattering silhouette. i'm 36-30-40 the medium fits well, slightly loose so the sleeve below the cut out hangs slightly. highly recommend.
Love love love! it's the perfect cozy, comfy piece for a bitterly cold day. and the color is such a nice shade for the dreary winter.
This gorgeous sky blue sweater was already in the dressing room to try on; i was not shopping for anything like this whatsoever. well, i tried it on and decided it was a must-buy. i usually need a petite in sweaters and coats, but this one, because i prefer a longer length, fits just fine, and the sleeves are not too long. the color is beautiful. it seems to be warm enough for sf evenings. it think the price is quite reasonable for a sweater/coat like this. a great purchase!
I love this sweater! the sky color is very flattering in person. i love that it looks good open or closed. i bought one for my mom and me. i think it will be very versatile. i think it runs mostly true to size, possibly runs just slightly big.
Gorgeous suit! one of the most well made suits i've ever owned. sexy yet provides great coverage. do note the sizing is per australian standards. i had to order a size up.
This is an amazing sweater. thick but not overly thick, the material is beautiful and the colors rich, i love the collar and the way it closes as well as the pockets and the back being different from the front. i hope it washes well. i bought the moss. it fits nicely and is very slimming. i highly recommend.
Possibly my favorite retailer purchase ever! like wearing a cloud & fit perfectly! if you're busty - not sure about it -- but otherwise wow! told my husband: hope you like it because you'll be seeing it all the time & he not only agreed but wanted to know if they made pajamas for men.
This sweater coat is really cute and soft (i hate itchy sweaters). the blue is lovely and the cut is flattering. i'm going to check it out in other colors as well!
I love this dress! it's cotton, but thicker/ higher quality. i'm going to wear it for nights out and to dinner this summer, and it's thicker material, so i won't even have to wear a bra with it ! it's a little lower cut, so be careful. i'm 5'3 and the extra small hits me right above my ankle
I originally bought this in a petite xs. i am 5' 4" tall on a good day. sometimes longer sweaters can overwhelm me. but the petite was almost a bit snug and short in the arms. i exchanged it for a regular xs and while i now have to cuff the sleeves, the overall look is much better. i bought the gray but really liked the blue and moss too. will be very nice for the frigid days we have in ohio. looks great with leggings tucked into boots i think. a winner!
So soft and comfy. looks equally good buttoned as open. can be worn as a tunic top over leggings or jeans. the charcoal color is chic and i liked the different patterns on back and front.
Love it! can't wait for warmer weather to wear this sassy number! i'm not sure what kind of bra to wear if any but it it fits so nicely around my bust line that it looks tasteful.
I was leery when i ordered this as i read the reviews and i'm busty. it is perfect for me- just wear a little bandeau underneath! i'm 5" 1 1/2" ,135 lbs and 34d bra size. also the length is perfect. i'll be wearing this little number winter and summer here in fl. will look just as cute with boots and long sweater! and did i mention, it has pockets!!!!!!!
I've never bought a jumpsuit and loved this online so i took the chance and ordered it. i'm 5'7 and 130lbs, i bought the small and it fits great. i love the plastic around the neckline to keep the top in place. the draping fabric on the chest is great for my small chest, gives the look of a fuller chest. absolutely love this. great buy and a great price!
I loved the contrast of the front panels and sleeves/back of this sweater. it has a coat look with the ease of a sweater. the arms seem very long and i wish i went with an xs as where i live not much laying is needed. but overall this is a lovely sweater!
I saw this in the store and fell in love with it, i didn't buy it at first but i couldn't stop thinking about how comfortable it was so i went back and purchased it, its soft and very comfortable, im glad i went back for it.
I love sweaters like this. it's perfect over a tank top for a casual every day look. it's soft, comfy, and i love the length. one more thing i like is that while it looks great just open, there is a snap to fasten it if you want to.
I love the overall design of the top. the embroidery is very nice as well. i would agree with the past reviews that it runs large. i am between a small and medium, so i ordered the small.
This cardigan is utterly gorgeous. way prettier on than i feared. my only issue is it felt a little itchy in the arms, and so i finally looked closely at the tag. the tag says the *back* section (which looks exactly like the weave on the arms) has a measly 5% wool snuck into the fabric content. why, retailer? why wool? i am so sensitive to it! my eyes have been demon red and itchy all day, classic symptoms that led to my getting rid of anything in my wardrobe with wool in it.  now i have a problem
The other reviewers have already adequately praised this very attractive sweater, but i'd like to add that the sizing is large. i fit perfectly into a regular small, although regular medium is my usual size. i am 5/1", 130#, 34f, size 8 top. the medium swamped me. the shoulders and sleeves were comical, and the body too big. i imagine many of you are scoping out this lovely, comfy piece; you'll want to hit the right size the first time. my store didn't get the coral, so i can't speak for that, b
I am 5'4" and the regular sweater i tried in the store was too long. i ordered the petite online and it is perfect! it's warm and comfortable and can be worn different ways which makes it great for stretching my wardrobe. love it!
I was surprised at how soft this is. it also has snaps under each arm for definition, and on front for closure. didn't know that, and love it. got yesterday in mail, wore out last night. highly recommend.
Soft and cozy every day tee that can be dressed up or worn casually. only compliant is i wish it came in more colors!
I love this romper! it has a retro look to it, is super soft, and has a whimsical retailer print. the  pink color is the perfect shade too. the fit is great and i had no problems getting it on or off.
These pants are much cuter on than in the picture. i love the fit, snug legs and normal waist. will order again in another color.
When i first tried on this romper, i grabbed a 6 (my normal size) but because of my bust size, i could not even get the top half to cover me at all. i decided to give this romper another go a month later, and tried on the 8...it made all the difference! i love it, it fits amazing, and it is just too cool.
I ordered this in a size small for a pre-wedding brunch in dc in october. i am 5' 4" and usually wear a m in dresses and a s in retailer tops. this dress is full and flowy, but the top is less generous if you are full-busted.. i am a 34 dd and the top of the dress is almost too small. i love it so much and it is so flattering and fun, so i decided to keep it. i can see wearing this on many more occasions.
This is a great piece to add to your wardrobe! the flowy and light feel of the fabric is great. i got the pink, which surprised me because i wear so much black. the length fits longer than most rompers, which is great. it makes it a classic fit. i definitely recommend this and suggest trying a size up- the waist has elastic, but it's snug.
Quite possibly, one of the most flattering, beautiful, and effortlessly romantic dresses i have ever tried on. and, to top it off, it has a sweet surprise: the silk slip on the inside of the dress has the same print as the outside shell, and it is so lovely, that if you feel like wearing something short and sweet, you can wear the slip as its own dress.  runs true to size, to maybe just a little bit big--if you have a smaller bustline and narrow hips, you might be able to size down.  it's cr
I've been hesitant to try on rompers, in part because they seem complicated and i also too worry that i would look a bit like mutton disguised as lamb in one of them! however, i saw this romper and fell in love with the pattern and had to try it on!  the pattern and color are wonderful, and i instantly felt glamorous, like betty grable in a cute cheesecake photograph! i had to buy it, and have since received tons of compliments on it (and i have yet to feel that i am too one foot in the grave t
These pants are perfect for crisp fall weather and comfortable! i wear them with flats to dress down or heels to dress up! recommended for all shapes!
I got this dress on sale (under 20 dollars) but i would pay more!  it runs very large - i got a medium which is roomy, irl i wear a large (vanity sizing i suppose!).  the colors are so pretty, it is lined so you don't need a slip or cami.  highly recommend!
Buy it. buy it right now! this dress is gorgeous, and would be on anyone. i don't care what size you are, it's so pretty, that you feel pretty in it! i loved wearing it, and since i am in florida, i can wear it all year long. so it's worth it. happy, very happy, with this purchase!
After multiple purchase and returns (from other sites!) i decided to splurge on a dress for my college graduation (located beach side). this dress was better than i could have hoped. the fit is very flattering, loose & tight in all the right places. the adjustable straps underneath the overlay ensure the silk lays perfectly. the colors are gorgeous and the fabric is light as a feather. the slight train & back buttons adds elegance to an otherwise "casual" floral pattern. i would highly recommend
Love this romper! once on, feels comfy like pjs but looks put together. i find bending forward at the waist helps to get it off and on. tiny complaint is that the top snap shows, even when closed. that is minor. the rest is all good.
I absolutely love these pants. they are so incredibly comfortable and fit is amazing! they look awesome with sandals and boots and will transition perfectly into fall. i definitely recommend sizing down like the other reviewers have suggested. i originally purchased my normal size 27 but they were loose after wearing a little around the house. i decided to exchange them for a 26 and they were a little snug at first but stretched out and fit perfect!
Needed a pair of grey pants to go with some of my jewel colored tops. hei hei is my favorite brand of pants and these did not disappoint.  they fit like a glove and are true to size.  i don't think the picture does them justice.  if you like comfort you certainly will not go wrong with these pants.  you can wear them year round except in the heat of the summer.  i would not hesitate to purchase them.
I picked these up the other day looking for a good jeans alternative. i love them. they are the perfect fit of slim but not skinny. i went with my normal size (26) and so far after one wear, they are still in good shape. a little bit of stretch, but not too much. the moss color is so crisp and goes with a lot. they will be perfect for transitioning into fall.
A fun, casual romper. i loved the pink color (not usually my thing), which looks great with darker skin. like another reviewer said, the waist is quite small so i would recommend sizing up one or two sizes (i took a size 6 in this, but am usually a 2/4) - this will make the top part a bit blousy, but i think that adds to the appeal/ look.
Love this quirky romper. i'm normally a m/l or 10/12 and took a large in this. as the other reviews stated, it's a bit of a contortion act to get into and out of this but when in it fits well, is flattering and oh so cute.
Really, this top feels like a wonderfully expensive soft silk knit. it is just so very soft. the drape is really nice and there is stretch to it, making it very comfortable. it does have a tendency to fall towards the body, even though it's loose. so, i'd buy your regular size.  it's a thin material, but i don't think it's sheer at all. i bought the dark red/wine color and it's so classy! i love it. this will fit taller women easily because the arms and total length are on the long side (i sup
I really love this pair of fitted cargos. i'm 5"1, 103 pounds and bought a 25p since that what i take in most jeans at retailer. it is quite fitted like it shows on the model so some may prefer to size down for a comfortable fit. i bought the grey color and is a lovely neutral color. love these and may have to go for another color!
This dress is timeless. so cute on and fits easily. i like that it has long sleeves yet it is a light fabric. comfortable and stylish. that is for me! i am taking it this weekend to nyc for a trip. i think i will fit right in!
This romper is fabulous! i bought it in lime, and the color is great and perfect for summer. i do agree with the other reviewers that it's hard to get in and out of the sleeves (hence giving it only 4 starts for quality#, but the struggle is worth it. the fabric is lightweight and silky, so it feels cool and soft; it feels like wearing pjs. it's also very flattering with the bow just at the waist; it hides a not-so-flat tummy. i'm 5'4", between 135 and 140, and curvy #very busty specifically), a
This is a beautiful coat. no one has mentioned how beautifully the pattern matches, even across the arms coordinating with the front. i love the lower button as it allows for arm movement and contributes to the casual slouch. the only complaint i have is there is a slight dark spot above both pockets. this appears to be a sewer's mark for placement. i think i have figured out how to disguise it without marring the fabric; but second item from retailer with marks (quality control?). i am keeping th
I tried this top on before it went on sale but thought the price was too high. as soon as it went on sale i scooped it up and i'm glad i did. i'm usually always a small in retailer tops and this was no exception. i'm tall and thin with a large bust but this top does not pull or bind in the chest because it's cut on the bias. it is a little low but i've been wearing it for parties. it might be too low for work depending on the setting. i don't usually wear green but this is a very muted and pretty
This shirt drapes beautifully. forgiving fabric in a beautiful taupe. it is a bit low cut, i wear a camisole underneath. true to size.
The green color is beautiful. i love the cut and material - it feels luxurious. definitely needs ironing before wear but is a must have
I'm in love, i'm in love, and i don't care who knows it. i bought this vest on a whim and i'm so glad i did. it's so soft and cozy. the medium brown color makes it highly versatile as well. i've tried the faux fur vests and they are too bulky for my taste, but this was not bulky at all. warm and hangs well. i am 5'5", 135lbs, curvy/athletic frame and the small was just right. try this vest on...i promise you will be in love!
Not usually one for a turtleneck, even a mock turtleneck, but this so soft and did not fit super tight around the neck so i bought it. then i bought the other one because i loved it so much. my only gripe is that i wish it was a smidge longer. i am 5'5", 135lbs, curvy/athletic build, 34c and the small fit perfect.
Love this coat! beautiful pattern and thick enough to keep you warm with a lining inside. i am short so i got the petite and it fits perfectly in the arms and overall length. i read other comments about the button being too low but i didn't find this to be true. i liked the lower button as it allows you to show some of what you have underneath.
This top is lightweight and flows nice. i usually take a medium or large. i ordered a medium and it is slightly large. so if you are between sizes, i would go down. i will keep the medium because it isn't the type of blouse that should hug your body. the green is stunning.
Saw this skirt online and ordered immediately! it is even more beautiful in person. stunning hemline and a gorgeous shade of teal! i ordered my usual size and it fits to perfection.....very very true to size.
While i do love this sweater, it did not fit me as is pictured. the wrap does not lay as smooth and i had to adjust frequently when transitioning from a sitting to standing position. nice weight.
This coat is super yummy! i'm always in need of something stylish and warm at the same time. definitely was happy with the weight and lining on this garment.  *highlight: i always get compliments on it when i'm out.
I don't ever do ruffles - i'm a 36ddd - but these laid so nicely and the vertical ruffle is very flattering for a less than flat tummy. the knit back is so soft and makes this easy to wear. it will be easy to dress up with a necklace, blazer and dressy pants but it will go just as nicely on it's on with jeans for a casual look. if there had been the mint color in my size, i would have gotten it too!
Love this coat. it fits very well - i'm 5'6" and typically wear an 8. it is a bit broad in the shoulders like the other reviewers mention, but that's part of its tailored look. this gorgeous coat breaks up any boring winter outfit. so happy with this purchase.
This blouse is a great combination of silky and professional in the front and more casual, t-shirt like in the back. the ruffle lies nicely, and it's very feminine. i got the light blue color, and can't wait for the weather to be warm enough to wear this to work!
I have had my eye on this coat for a while and then my size (0) was sold out. when it popped back i ordered it. i am 5'4" and i had wondered if i needed the petite (petite 0 was sold out) because of all the reviews i had read. however, the sleeve length is perfect. in a petite, the sleeves would be too short. i don't have long arms so i am surprised some reviewers have complained about the sleeves being too long. the button placement is not at the waist but that is the style! the lapels are long
I wanted this coat from the first moment i saw it in the catalogue. i tend to gravitate toward dark colors, but this looked timeless and beautiful, like something my grandmother would have cherished (and i would have coveted). i was not disappointed. the coat is carefully lined, and the mohair is divinely soft. the silhouette is not fitted, but comes off surprisingly chic. do note that this is not a coat for heavy duty weather; i've even been a bit chilly wearing it at nights in la. also, heed t
I purchased the green in xs and it fits perfect. it's very flattering. also, i purchased the blue in xxsp (only size available), but it was too short.
I usually pass on ruffles but this top is great! luckily i walked by this in the store and had to try it on. the material is very soft and can easily be converted from work to a night out. the v-neck is flattering and the ruffles lay nicely- i purchased this in the taupe but the green is beautiful too and will purchase it as well.
Shirtdresses are a warm weather favorite for me, and this one will surely make its way into my regular rotation. the outer cotton eyelet is intricate and beautiful. the color, cornflower blue, is endlessly flattering for many complexions. the cut is classic with the twist of the handkerchief hemline, and the length is work appropriate. per a previous reviewer, i sized up to ensure a fit across the bust and am glad i did. overall, the fit is not totally perfect on me, but it's still great and gar
I got this top on a fantastic deal - it is comfortable, fits well (slightly large to size, but i prefer that), and really on-trend. such a great staple i bought in the other colorway as well.
This vest kept catching my eye online. i was ordering moth cashmere cowlneck sweater, (which is fabulous,) when i noticed pictures posted of women wearing both the vest & sweater. the more i looked at these pictures, the more i fell in love with the vest. needless to say, i purchased the vest in my usual size xs which fits tts. it's incredibly soft & a great piece to add to your wardrobe!
This coat is spectacular. it was love at first sight but it was only after trying it on in a store that i decided i really wanted it, even at the full price. the design is unique and gorgeous, you don't see coats like this on the street, not a cookie-cutter. it's very soft, yet warm, and has a gorgeous ochre colored lining making it very easy to put on and a standout when a bit of the lining is revealed. it seems the fit is what most reviewers complain about and i can see that. i tried size 2 (
Google "mr burns see my vest". because that's me wearing this vest, dancing around the house singing because this vest is wonderful. my three year old nephew declared it "cozy" and anytime i wear it he cuddles up to the vest. bonus! it's flattering, comfortable, warm, machine washable, and goes with nearly everything. i would like a onesie made of this material.
I received this coat today and i'm ecstatic about my purchase. i am a true petite, and the petite large in this coat fit perfectly. i was a little worried about the sizing based on the other reviews. yes, the button is low, but that is the style. i strongly suggest ordering a petite if you are short. otherwise, the fit may be completely off.
I love this top which gives you the look of a blouse but the ease of a t-shirt! the sky blue color is spectacular. the details of this top are beautiful and very flattering! i am tall at 5'8" and it was plenty long enough. i ordered my typical size s and it was perfect. it is cut to follow the lines of the body. i can't wait until the spring so i can wear it! it would be great if it was available in more colors.
Super soft fabric! the opening in the back makes it very chic.
This is even cuter in person than it is in the picture. it was hanging on a rack by the dressing room, so i tried it on on a whim and loved it! so, so soft too! runs true to size. i am 5'2 and 125 and got a small.
I fell in love with this top the minute i saw it, best of all, i was not disappointed when i tried it on. the fabric is soft and looks classy, the color is a rich and deep emerald green and the quality is really nice. you can dress it up or down depending on the occasion, this top will look gorgeous with a nice pair of jeans or a dressy skirt. true to size :)
I just love this blouse! it fits well and is really feminine and pretty. i paired it with a skirt and received lots of compliments!
This windowpane coat is so striking -- and it looks even better on than in the photos. i love it!! it has great styling, including the button placement & the beautiful fall brown lining. it is quite warm over a thin sweater, the fabric is amazingly soft. i get a lot of compliments on it! two friends have already purchased it. i normally might take a 12, but a 10 was just fine. this is a great coat!!
I love these jeans! i really like the way they fit and haven't had problems with them stretching out like other reviewers have.
Best jeans! fit is amazing! buy them; you won't regret it!
The smocking is beautiful. the fabric is soft and flowy, it is not too sheer for work. the blouse fits tts. i have this in 3 colors and take the xs and have even bought the xxs. for reference, i am a 32 b.5'8" and 110lbs. it is a nice layering length and is not boxy. the armholes fit nicely. i wish they still had the blue.
The perfect pair. i am 5'6". 130lb, and ordered size 28, and it fits just right. it is a little stretchy, so molds to your shape. the legs are slender, but not too fitted. no stitching along the seems makes these jeans classy enough to work with a dressy shirt.
Love these jeans, fit and style... the wash is a makes them almost more navy blue than blue jean color... but they are soft and fit perfectly. another reviewer described them as mid rise, but they don't fit me that way at all
These were fabulous and a great color in person - true to a normal ag fit. i am 5'1" and the regular size was too long so i am exchanging them for the petite version in the same size. really hoping they fit the same as the regular version!
I was so lucky to find these jeans in store yesterday and they are the most comfortable jeans i've ever had. the fit is amazing and wish they weren't sold out online or i would buy more!
I am 6'2" and athletically built, and i usually have issues with dresses being long enough for me, but this beauty has the perfect fit and perfect length. it is very flattering. the weight of the dress allows it to move with you. it is form-fitting, but loose at the same time, so your body doesn't look lost in the material. you can dress it up with heels, or wear it with boots or sandals to be a bit more casual.
This is one of the best tops i've ordered. it fits well, it can be worn dressy or casual. what is pictured is what you get. if you are considering this top, it can be worn all year round! the price is not outrageous, and the quality seems it could last for more than one season.
Take a look at this dress in person or on instagram. the model photos on this website make it look washed out and bridal. irl the lace is a gorgeous ivory tone that looks great casual and dressed up. i'll be wearing this with leather and denim! i chose the smallest of my size range and it fits very comfortably. if you are busty you may want to size up. i am 135# 36c 38/27/35 and i bought size 8.
I just tried these jeans on out of the box and they fit like a dream! i'm 5'0' 100lbs and the 25petite (my usual size) fit me exactly right as full-length skinny jeans. they taper perfectly. no hemming required. they are super comfy and nice and thick. they feel durable and high quality.  two suggestions for improvement: 1) i wish is that they were a uniform dark blue wash (but the fadng and whiskering is barely noticeable). 2) i also wish they'd place the butt pockets a little higher, especia
Great spring colors that you really can wear just about any time of year with the right foot wear! the fabric is a fluid jersey that drapes well. the neck line is a substantial scoop which is very flattering. i am very happy with this online purchase!
I did not even pause over this dress on line - a white lace dress now? well, my local retailer at lenox atlanta - which has a petites department - had this dress in the window with a jean jacket. being a lace geek, i went in to find it. i am a big fan of the feminine and dressy, dressed down. great window display idea!  this picture does not "do anything" for the dress except wash out the true color. the lining is ivory - that vintage sepia photo look ivory. the lace is lovely ivory too, and the
Love these pilcro jeans, my usual size fit nice like skinny jeans. i know if i had gone down a size they would look too tight in the legs, they are not supposed to be leggings. they did not stretch out too much all day - slightly in the waist, not enough to size down. the dark color is perfect for winter! they are very comfortable!! love pilcro jeans!
They fit over my fatty belly and make my legs look good. comfy. nice and not cheezy with a bunch of 'look'. more than i would normally pay, but i like them.
It's amazing!  i did size down on this one, but i didn't have to. that depends on the kind of fit you are looking for. sizing down did make the shirt more form fitting in my chest area, but also did make the garment somewhat less comfortable in the armpit area for being tighter (but not too tight). my normal size would have alleviated this problem, but also would have left the shirt with not a whole lot of shape. i opted to have a little shape and deal with the fabric slightly digging into my
This cute dress has a built in slip, so no need for a slip . i think it has a flattering fit and the colors are pretty! i feel like i could wear this dress to a shower, out to dinner, or just for a fun look to shop on a nice day!
Just buy this dress! the slip, the hem, the print. everything about it!!
Best dress ever maeve does it again! tts and can be worn all 3 seasons here in sacramento  love it and can be worn with a denim jacket or cardigan!
Such a cute dress, i ordered the black version. i'm large busted (dd) and the slip thankfully fit (sometimes it doesn't). i'm 5' 4" and went ahead with the regular, not petite, version and i have to say i think the petite would have been too short. the dress comes to the top of my knees as photographed on the model. highly recommend.
Saw this in the catalog and had to have it.  i paid full price!   while the buttons aren't functional, it is not too revealing.  i work in a casual office and it will be perfectly appropriate especially paired with a jean jacket!   the length is right above knee.  i am 5'6" 122# and went with the xs
Can dress it up or down and still look good in it! i wear leggings under it to keep my legs warm since the material is thin and i live near the ocean. this is my new standard summer dress! i bought an xxs since i am petite weighing 95lbs and stand 5'1"
This tshirt hits at a great length not too long. so it doesn't make me feel top heavy! but it flows enough to hide any imperfections !   i ordered a medium.
I just received this dress after ordering it online and i'm already in love. the fit is perfect - i tend to have issues with bust areas of dresses being too small and this fits just right. the material is light and perfect for southwest florida.
Absolutely love everything about this dress!!! i'm 5'9 138lbs purchased a small. hits just slightly above the knee... has a fun flow to it! absolutely love the chest detail! cute buttons! and the embroidered detail is amazing!
So cute! i get tons of compliments whenever i wear it. very comfortable. i ordered a petite l and it's a little big. i usually buy the petite m, but due to the under slip i wasn't sure.
This dress is wonderful! word to the wise, it says that you can machine wash the dress on cold, which i did. the dress came out fine, but the slip is now basically a shirt. there are no washing instructions on the slip, but i assumed it would be the same. it is not. it still looks ok under the top part, but i will have to wear a half slip under the bottom.
This is a great dress!  very different and light but cute details
Love this dress! bodice and lace at bottom gives is a cute layered look. there are buttons on the front (see pic), but it does not button up. i'm a bit on the "hippy" side....physically hippy, that is...and this dress did a great job of downplaying my hips. ;) i'm 5'4" and this dress hit just above my knees (a bit longer than on the model in the photo). would look cute with a jean or military jacket! i am wearing a small. 5'4", 130lbs, 32b chest.
The cut is perfect and the rose color is so pretty!  it fits like the typical left of center sizing.  i wish it came in more colors!
I love this shirt so i bought both colors. i wish they had more colors! fits great and very comfy.
I adore this top! it's comfortable and cute. the sleeve length is great for wearing bracelets. it's well-made. just perfect.
This dress is my new favorite! the style is trendy and feminine while forgiving in the tummy area without looking maternity or too baggy. it is so versatile because it can be dressed up or down and it's a great transitional dress b/c once it cools down, it will look great with a denim jacket, cardi, booties, etc. i normally wear a m, sometimes a l (i'm 5'7", 36dd) but the m fits great. the slip is a little snug across the chest but i definitely couldn't size up b/c then the dress would be too bi
Citizens of humanity jeans are excellent!!! i prefer high rise & this brand is my favorite. i like the clean lines & plain design. the material is comfortable- substantial with just enough stretch in the material which makes them super comfortable. i'm not constantly pulling these jeans up, they hold their shape really well & wash well too. they run tts.
Could not wait to try this on when it arrived, jumpers are tricky in the way they can ride up and become unflattering. not the case here, i usually wear a size 8 but i decided to order a size down for a size 6. i am 5'5 and 150 lb. being the fact that i am in the midst of losing weight i thought i would rather it be more snug and this really was just right. the pockets make it casual and cute, while the print and bare shoulder make it fresh and chic. you will love!
There aren't enough great words to describe this dress. tried on the black one in store yesterday and knew immediately i was going to purchase.  everything is perfection - not tight slip underneath that even has the strap snap closures to hold it in place at the shoulders, not too low cut, hits right above knee so not too short, light weight, flattering, etc!!  and machine washable! can dress up or down. could even wear to work with a jacket or cardi. can wear all seasons - can't wait to pair wi
Great pop of color (i purchased the rosy color) and great piece you can add layers to. it drapes beautifully, may run a tad larger, but not enough to size down. light weight, so wear alone for warmer fall days or as we get into spring, and with a scarf and jacket for cooler days.
I purchased the mauve dress from an retailer store last weekend during their 20% off sale. i absolutely can not say enough great things about this dress. it fits beautifully... the pattern on the material is so pretty and feminine. once i got home from the store and tried the dress on again, i immediately purchased the black one also. i had to have it in black too! such a great dress to wear to parties, date night, friends outings.. we are going to california in september and will be wearing these
This is a great dress from moving to summer into fall. it's great right now with the warm temps, but a throw on a jacket and some booties and you have a fall outfit. it's very comfortable also. there is a slip underneath which is what you see with the buttons open in the front. i wish the slip was a little longer and the dress is see through. maybe, you can adjust it at the straps some. at any rate, it's a nice dress and i'm keeping it.
Just as the others have reviewed, i agree! this dress is flowy and so feminine. i got it today and i am wearing it now! so light! i usually wear a large or a 12 in dresses. i am pear shaped. 36b bust and large hips. it is flattering and feels great on. the slip underneath fits perfect on me. grab this before it becomes iso!
I caught a sneak peak of this beautiful dress on a local retailer instagram page...and i was so excited when it arrived at my store. i love this dress! i went with the black because i loved how bold it was. it's ultra feminine and flowy. the slip underneath has the prettiest embroidered print and the overlay is light and airy. the bottom is hemmed with a little lace peekaboo and it is wonderful. i tried this on in both a l and an xl. the xl fit well but the dress was a little long on top, so i wen
The print, layers and fit of this dress remind me of the 1990's but in a good way! the outer dress is voluminous and flowy, so i understand why some reviewers feel the dress runs large. the embroidered slip is tts and quite the cherry on top. i really appreciate that styling detail. 140# 36dd 5'3" and i chose medium regular length, not petite since i'm older and wanted the length.
Thin for this late in the season, but the colors are so pretty. i'm going to layer it over a long sleeve t, top with a cardi and pair with leggings. runs large. love the the unconnected slip. 5 stars.
Got this dress in the mail today, and it's definitely a keeper. the material is high quality, and i can see wearing this dress on all but the coldest days of winter. it'll be great to wear today in 90 degree weather, and with a cardigan and booties, it will easily transition into cool weather. the colors, patterns, and lace are all just beautiful. for reference, i always order xs for loose fitting dresses, and a size 4 for close fitting styles. the xs in this dress is perfect.
I started buying maeve dresses about five years ago and love every last one that i own! this one is no exception. i bought it in black last week (size s) for my birthday treat, and it was so wonderfully light during the week of 99 f heat in the district. it's feminine and delicate in appearance, yet the material is of good quality and super comfortable. it's awesome, just a perfect summer and probably fall dress.
I must be the lone dissenter, but i am in love with this piece! a dark cami underneath really make the eyelet pop. i probably would not have liked it if it did not have the clasp, as it does run wide. however, with skinny jeans or slim pants, this works b/c it's loose in the right ways. it may not be for everyone, but it's one of my faves right now.
The essence of femininity. simply beautiful. if you begin with the pattern of the dress, you become drawn to it. then, as you look closer and see the slip with its creamy detailed embroidery, and immediately you see how the dress opens at the bodice with tiny, set buttons, you soon realize, that's not all... the bottom of this fine piece of art continues with soft, delicate, chiffon trim with a bonus layer of the most beautiful lace to finish it off. i bought it on sight and just love it. i was
This is a must have for summer. i'm always hot but sometimes a sweater just doesn't look right. the short sleeves are just what i've been looking for. every jacket i own runs smaller on me around the bust and arms, so i think for everyone else, your normal jacket size should be perfect.
I bought these pants to wear while riding on the back of my husbands motorcycle. i wanted something that was more chic than typical motorcycle women's clothing and these were perfect. they block the wind but are stretchy on the back side so they are super comfortable to wear all day. i also wear these to work on fridays! i bought a size 28 and they fit great. i usually wear a 6 in us sizing.
I ordered this dress in two colors and i'm happy that i did!  very cute and great fit!  flattering too!
Love this top for work. loose, flattering and enough detail to be noticed. fits tts and goes with everything.
Bought this in the white in the store - came home and ordered the blue - wish they had my size in the orange. maybe this is enough said? this is so comfortable, so well made, so easy to wear - might be the perfect dress ever.
Absolutely love this dress!! this was my first purchase from this site and as per the usual, i was worried about the sizing but the fit couldn't be better. definitely won't be the last. material is heavenly and has a double layering that was a nice surprise. very warm and soft. high quality stuff. i could have gotten my usual size in petite, but i didn't want it to be too short. i'm glad i did. this is the perfect dress for work.
This dress is everything i hoped it would be. it is soft and comfortable, and flattering even though it's not tight fitting. true to size as well.
I initially walked right by these pants when i saw them on the rack. then i saw them on the fitting room attendant. they looked amazing . i ended up purchasing them and i love them . the great thing about them is the the leather is only in the front which makes it great for moving around and sitting down (the back is kinda legging like). i had to size down in these.
I think this is a really flattering dress. i like the length of the sleeves (they're not long like in retailer's very first navy photo but all the other pics are accurate in my opinion.) in my photo, i'm wearing an xs regular so i'd say it's shorter than 35" because i'm only 5'3" and it's above my knee. it may run slightly small because i'm a 34aa, with a 26" waist, 34" hips and usually wear xspetite in retailer but this xs fits me fine (although to get it to be fitted at the waist, xxs might be bet
I absolutely love the look and fit of these pants. what is even better is that they don't stretch out while wearing them. i will get a lot of use out of them!
These are such a great alternative to actual leather pants, they have the perfect amount of stretch and breath-ability (i've always found leather pants to be too hot) . got the holly color, unfortunately the p size was sold out but as another reviewer noted, these are easy to roll up. i noticed some of the complaints about quality and these not holding up, but given the use of two different materials, pu and a stretchy material, i think it's only natural that these would tear along the seams aft
Love the versatility of the dress. very easy to dress either up or down. i've been able to wear it out for a casual day with a denim jacket and booties (just like the stock photo!) or even wear it to work with a black jacket and flats. the color is beautiful and the material is very soft and comfortable. absolutely love the cut and design of the dress on top. only thing i would mention is that the dress is a bit form fitting than expected. it definitely hugs your curves.
I bought this dress for a dinner after my daughter's wedding rehearsal. it is perfect. it is dressy enough for the occasion. it also has a casual look to it. i think it is very versatile. i fell in love with the colors, material and the quality. i am more excited about this dress then the dress i am wearing to the wedding. buy it you'll love it.
I'm so happy i decided to order this dress! i am 5'3" 120 lbs and normally buy xs petite, but the comments said the dress is a little short so i went with a xs regular in navy. i am glad i did -- it hits me about 2-3 inches above the knee. the material is very soft and seems well constructed. a bit thicker than your average summer dress but i like that! very flattering overall, and for the price it's a great steal!
I bought this dress in ivory and then bought the navy on sale, i loved it so much. i'm 5'4", 117, and the petite medium was perfect. love the kicky flare, and the lining makes it so comfortable. an effortless, fun dress - perfect for hot summer lunch.
They are very comfortable and have kept their shape after a couple of wearings. the pants can be used for informal or on the dressier side. the spandex in them is contributes to the comfort.
I bought the navy color in xs petite. i'm 5'1, 115 w/ athletic build. i thought the fit was perfectly fine. with a belt, the dress is about 3 inches above my knee. the dress is made very soft/breathable fabric and has a "slip" underneath.  bonus: the dress is made in the usa! i'll be buying the white and red once they're marked down a bit more. very satisfied with this dress.
I purchased the navy size small and was delighted with the fit. the waist line is perfectly proportioned for a petite. i think this means that the waist line will be high on a woman who needs regular sizing. i like the lining, it adds a substantial look to the dress.
Very beautiful sheath dress that will be perfect for summer weddings and spring events because of the delicious sorbet pallette.  it's a substantial weight fabric that will nip you in and give the illusion of curves where none exist (in a good way.).  pattern is actually knit into the fabric not printed.  size 8p is the smaller of my size range so for others who are slender on top may want to size down.  if you have prominent hips, stay tts or size up.  if you are very busty, it's tts or size up
I love these pants. i have them in the black and green. they are comfortable and look great on my curvy figure. i am 5'2 120lbs and got the size 27
Fits true to size with good coverage. stayed put when i was in the pool.
I said this ran large because i bought a 16 and i normally need a size 18 (i'm busty) if the item doesn't stretch. but, a size 16 fit me. it's more straight and less blousy, but it does fit. so, if you like your tops a little less full of fabric and more tailored but loose, imho you can size down.  the fabric is rayon/polyester that's light and cool. it is semi-sheer but a white bra or nude bra would be fine. the top has a double layer in front. one solid and the over-lay of the embroidery. th
I bought this today in navy and loved it the second i put it on. it feels great on, is well made and flattering! you can wear it anywhere and look pulled together. much cuter in real life too. it does run a little small. id go up a size if you're getting the white so it won't cling too much.
Received these in the green holly color (beautiful color) for christmas
I have thicker thighs and don't usually find that i can wear this kind of thing. these, on the other hand, are hot, hot, hot and are even somehow slimming for my thighs. i just adore them. i'm waiting for the green color to go on sale so i can buy them too!
Perfect fit and i've gotten so many compliments. i buy all my suits from here now!
I have this top in 3 colors and am waiting for the black to arrive. very soft on the body. we live in fl so lightweight is appreciated. stylish fit that is not ordinary. great colors. will pack well and can be dressed up with a scarf. sleeves run long.
Love this top! i bought it in 2 colors; it's a great twist on a basic tee. love love love!
I am 5'0", 109lbs, 32d, and the 0 petite fit tts. the fabric is comfortable and the dress well made. my only complaint would be that the picture of the model and the dress i have in my possession do not have the same coloured slip. my dress arrived with a nude slip. i was a little confused at first but when i tried on the dress i realized it was not a bad thing. the lace actually stands out. all in all, a greal buy. discounts make it worth it too.
These jeans look amazing on! hug every curve in just the right way....the long length with flare...add a platform heel and i look like i have legs for days!! and my booty will definitely turn some heads! total splurge but for a great pair of jeans, totally worth it. ordered my usual size 27 and they fit like a dream. hope they don't stretch out after wearing a few hours. the amount of stretch feels nice, so i think they'll continue to hug your body. if you want 1 pair of flares in your wardrobe.
I love the crisscross detail that makes this a stylish and also flattering piece. lovely soft material that drapes well and hides imperfections. wish it came in more colors!
This is the perfect tank. it's super soft, great colors and with a shape that allows you to wear a regular bra. best of all, it was offered in petitie sizes. for me that means i finally have a tank that doesn't gap at the arms or scoop too low or flood me with excess length. thank you retailer for remembering us petitie girls with this wonderful tank!
These tanks are very soft. i have two black and one coral. i had to return the white as it was see through. they do shrink in the wash even without drying all the way and on low heat so maybe size up if you're in between sizes. i recommend these tanks for sure
Love the cut of this t-shirt. just loose enough but not big and boxy like so many other tees but not fitted either. nice weight, the hemline is interesting...overall happy with it. just hope it doesn't shrink!
I was surprised to find this jacket on sale and i don't mind :) it's a trend of the season and i absolutely don't mind to look like a mattress or wear robe. the garment runs large so i wear usually 6 and have to get xs. i am 5'6" 146 lbs usually wear s/m in jackets. it hits me 2 inches below my knee. i love it.
But when i saw this top in person, urged by my stylist when they got it in, i decided to try it on. they had xs in store, my former normal size (xs or xsp). that was too big though. not being sure how the petite would look, and not sure if smaller would work, i decided to order all three: xxs, xsp and xxsp!  verdict on size: xxsp was pulling at the arm holes, kind of small there. xxs regular was almost right, but arm holes were a little high, not as comfortable. xsp ended up being the right c
These shirts are fantastic; lightweight sleeves for summer wear. i go back and forth between xs and small, (i have broad shoulders) and ordered one of each. i like both. the shirt has give so the xs is fine but the variation in size gives the two shirts very different looks.  the color is fantastic and true to the photos! not always the case with online purchasing so i loved that.
Great, comfy shirt! long enough that i can wear it with leggings!
This shirt is such a beautiful color! the lavender is a really lovely addition to spring wardrobe and goes with more than imagined. it has a bit of an oversized fit although it falls really nicely on slimmer silhouettes. it's also incredibly comfy and stylish with an updated look even to the most casual of attire.
I received this top yesterday and love it! sexy yet not too revealing and great for date night! i like the way it fits across the chest and isn't too short in the waist. very soft fabric.
Got this in the pretty springy blue already wore it with white jeans and loved it!! love the loose longer swingy style and i can't wait to wear again! i may have to get another color!
I own this tank in three different colors, and have been wearing them since the weather warmed up! they are soft, good quality, and wash up well. i've taken them on vacation as they take up no room in my suitcase, and also have used them as little camisole shirts. they don't fit too tight on, just right. i think you could also use them with pajama bottoms to sleep in.
Adorable summer top. the geometrical shape makes this top interesting. it looks much better on then in the picture displayed. it's soft , flowing and covers all flaws. the gold color is beautiful and vibrant. i know i will purchase this in other colors. the long back really sets it off. if you are looking for comfort, don't hesitate, this top is perfect.
This top is semi fitted and then stretches as you wear it. i love the design and color choices.
Loved this skirt. it reminded me of the styles that i saw visiting paris this past summer.
This tee is so comfortable and stylish. you can easily dress it up. i love how the back covers your assets, and the sleeves are long enough for tall girls. a great buy on sale! i bought a small and bought 3 colors!
Bought these jeans after reading others reviews and was not disapointed. these are the most flatering jeans! they give you legs for days, while providing amazing shape. oh and did i mention their soft as butter. huge win for me as jeans are one of the most difficult items for me to my as my waist is 1-2 sized smaller than my hips and thes stretch marvilously to fit your body. they are on the pricier side and well worth it.
Great with leggings and skinny jeans! it's comfortable too!
Fantastic quality. i agree the material is heavier and may be too hot for summer in sc but will be perfect for ac cooled offices. the fit is tts. i am smaller on top than the bottom and size 2 fit well everywhere thanks to the somewhat stretchy material, 32-24-36. i never write reviews but this dress really is fantastic and at a great price point given the high quality of the fabric and design. i couldn't tell from the pics but the back bottom is not a single center slit but a double slit. i rea
I saw this in the store and purchased it right on the spot (didn't even see the reviews until now). i can wear either a small or x-small in retailer but for this top, the x-small was a better fit as it draped nicely and was still very loose on me (i'm 5'4, 125 lbs, 34b). i was worried that the opening was too wide but it was perfect. i like the elbow length sleeves and the fact that the blouse is lined which mean it's not sheer and don't have to wear a camisole. i usually stick with the classics i
Love this top and i think it is a great transition piece - i live in texas, so our temps stay high until october. this top in the purple motif color is perfect, since the colors aren't look too summery, but the fabric is lightweight. this top is a little bit boxy, but drapes nicely so it won't make you look wide. as with most holding horses tops, this runs a little big so size down unless you need the length.
Love this top for casual days. fits perfectly, fabric feels quality and color is bright but not too bright. good length, just touches top of my thighs.
I absolutely love this top, it washed up nicely and is perfect for body style. short waist nice soft colors. i ordered another top that is this style. perfect first time i wore it i received so many compliments.
I love this shirt's color which is a lovely yellow. the fit is nice and flowing. i usually wear xs but intentionally bought s, so that it would be a little lose and i may wear with leggings. my one issue is how transparent it is. i opt to wear a spaghetti strap underneath it, however some women might be ok wearing it alone.
I fell in love with this blouse the minute i saw it in the store. the colors are a little deeper than how they appear in the catalog, but the greens and browns are beautiful and will be great for fall! it fit very true to size, i usually wear 8-10, and the m fit perfect. the gold beading on the sleeves and neck are a nice extra! love this top!!
These pants fit me perfectly..i am 5'7" and 134 (most days).. and wore a 4..they are so comfortable, i could sleep in them. they do stretch a little after wearing (linen), which can be a good thing to some...they are a heavier linen so good for mild winters..almost look denim..if they came in more colors i would get more!they also remind me of my old hippie days, which was fun
I bought this shirt at the store and after going home and trying it on, i promptly went online and ordered two more! i've gotten multiple compliments anytime i wear any of them. great for looking put together with no fuss.  people that have commented there's were destroyed in the wash didn't read the care label which says dry clean.
This is such a beautiful shirt! for me, tts. i bought the size 4 (34b) it is a very detailed and tailored shirt so i can understand if your busty why you may have to size up. the attention to detail along with the embroidered butterflies sets this shirt a step above average. the color is an odd shade of olive but i like it and the butterflies have areas that you can see through but not in an im-modest way. i do not feel the need to wear anything under it.
Fits really nicely and i'm picky about sleeves but these are just right. a little see through but i don't have to wear anything under it because the seams and piecing cover well. love the fit not too blousy in the waist and the assymetrical hem is nice.
Would not have picked this out online, but it caught my eye in the store. the blue color is gorgeous, it's a flattering style that drapes well and will pair with just about any short, jean, capri or summer weight pant and a number of chic accessories. you will not be disappointed!
A great casual top for warm weather - the linen ensures its structure stands out, and the structure gives it more interest than a plan tee. does a fine job of hiding minor midsection lumpiness. can be dressed up a bit if worn with linen or cotton trousers. i bought the yellow and was pleased to find it wasn't too transparent. i bought the small and found it tts for an american small (bigger than a uk or european small). a versatile keeper.
I have to agree with previous reviewers in that it is a bit short on the top but i kind of like that as i am petite and most tops come way too long on me; however go up a size if you have any breasts at all. likely they will not fit in you standard size. however i just love this shirt. soooo adorable. the color is a bit more olive than brown to me though than what is in the pic :)
This shirt is so comfortable and looks very nice with jeans or work pants. it's a great shirt!
It's always sunny when i wear this sunshine yellow tee.  love the color and they way it was pieced together.  has a flattering feminine fit whole still feeling relaxed and casual.  it's slightly sheer but not obscene.  all linen and a little scratchy so if you're sensitive, be aware.  i purchased medium and i'm 39/28/35 140# 5'3"
The style, plaid colors & cotton fabric really appealed to me in the pics. looks like it will be very cool & airy for these brutal hot days. ordered both the blue & purple in the size 6 for length. did not disappoint at all! looks pretty much on me as in the pic. a little surprise is that both tops have a thin metallic pinstripe spaced abt 3-4" thruout the plaid. it's a silver metallic on the blue, & raspberry on the purple plaid. not obvious from far away but noticeable up close. a cute feature
As other reviewers have said ~ the colors are more muted but good fall colors! quality top with lining and bead detail on hem and sleeves. flowy, loose fit ~ very cute with skinny jeans and booties. i would size down if you are small chested. great boho top.
Great color and fabric! a bit on the sheer side but not completely see-through. perfect for spring, summer and even into fall. wore it on a weekend trip to the beach with capris and then to work with a cropped blazer. planning on ordering it in additional colors if it's still available. a good staple for your wardrobe!
I ordered this top in xsp and xs. i don't think i let the xsp top breathe long enough, because i thought it was too short and sent it back. (there is no retailer near me...) i kept the xs, and at first thought the same thing about it not fitting right, but by the end of the day it stretched just enough, and felt just right. really pretty top. i received a lot of compliments on it.
Really cute over my white cropped pilcro jeans. or as a beach cover up over a bathing suit. i want this in more colors!
This skirt is stunning but i really wish it was cotton canvas - maybe by summer retailer could make one?
Great, really soft hoodie. i got an xxs petite and it's still a little big, but it works. i'm 5'1", 95lbs.
This dress is fantastic. super flattering and unique. i get a compliment every time i wear it. i encourage retailer to source more dresses from this brand/designer. lovely. i am picky and nevery give a perfect rating, this dress got all 5 stars.
I love this tee. very soft and easy care. gentle cycle hand to dry.
This wool jacket actually feels more as a cardigan, its a little too thin for a jacket but looks about the same as pictured. its very pretty. i ordered a l and it was true to size. sleeves are cropped. the wool material is surprisingly soft and comfortable. very nice and colorful addition to my closet. recommend! :)
I bought one of these tees for myself and one as a gift -- both in green, which is really a beautiful dark teal color (as pictured). the fabric is so soft that the gift recipient said she wanted "an entire jumpsuit made of this fabric." :) the shirt is long enough, loose enough and substantial enough to wear untucked, as pictured, but lightweight enough to tuck in to a pencil skirt. i am usually an xs or an s in tops, and i ordered the s in this one. the larger size gives the slightly loose fit
I saw these in the connecticut retailer but didn't want to pay full price. the very next week, they went on sale! i ordered xs (i'm 5'4, small frame, 120lbs). while the length is perfect, the waist is a bit tight for pjs. though, not tight enough to return as i love everything else about these. they're like wearing a painting of fine art! light weight flannel. hope they hold up well iin cold water wash!
I just purchased this amazing jacket in the moss color in my regular size small (34d-27-35) at the store because my husband had commented about how cool it looked and i absolutely love it. this is the softest jacket ever and you wouldn't even know it's not real leather. the moss is more of a cross between a dark grey and green and it's so neat how it goes with so many outfits. the moss green does not make it difficult at all to match up with so many other colors like you would think due to it's
I'm super into this top! i bought the evergreen color in store as it fit true to size and was very flattering. i went to buy an item that was available online only and decided to also buy this top in black. my favorite aspect about this shirt is that it can be dressed up or down. the material is slightly stretchy though it does not cling. i can wear a chunky necklace and dressy skinny pants and look ready for a nice dinner. on the other hand, this top can be thrown on with a pair of comfy jeans
This dress is amazing quality with stunning details. its flowy and absolutely beautiful. i plan on wearing it whilst im in the depths of the mongolian mountains while singing operatic arias. i ordered a size two regular, even though i am petite for the sole purpose of dress length. ---->in the picture, the dress comes down to an awkward length on the model, the sleeves are 3/4 and it doesnt look as good as it could if the length settled down to where their ankles are, or if the sleeves reache
I was looking for something to wear for an event at an art gallery. i actually really loved this dress! i think it hides body flaws. i tired on the xs, but the small was a little more flowing. it was comfortable and very fun to wear.. i am short, so the length was great for me i wore a different full length black slip under it which was more comfortable for me. go try it on too see if it fits for your body style. it was great for me
I wasn't sure the shorter length in the back was working until i tried it on. this jacket totally worked for me. the brown color can be easily matched with other colors. i got the jacket in medium size. i usually in between size. the medium size allow more space on the chest area, however the sleeve becomes a bit too long for me.
This top is so cute it's my go to top. dress up or down looks really cute with skinny skirt. i have the ivory and just ordered the dark grey. one great thing this top has pockets. i would buy this in many colors if i could. yes it's full but a cute full. but i love full tops. i think this is true to size it's not tight and i don't think it would be as cute tight. i actually like mine on me better than the one on the model.lol washes like a dream and you can dry it in the dryer.
I got the red- it is a great color. this is one of those thin soft t shirts. it drapes really nicely and dresses up or dresses down. the only downside for me is that it takes a little extra effort in the washing department, but really not much- just have to line dry.
I saw this in my local retailer, and was blown away by how soft it was! the minute i tried it on, i didn't want to take it off. for being a boxy cut, it was surprisingly flattering. i have a large chest and normally wear an xl in retailer clothes, but i could easily zip the size large all the way up. this is the perfect hoodie to wear running errands on the weekend, or with a pretty blouse on under it at work. i know i'll get a ton of use out of it, so i recommend it!
I purchased this sock in another print before and wear them all the time. i was happy to see a new pair on the website and purchased them again! these liner socks actually stay on my feet... others brands i've tried before slip off my heel, but these stay hidden and stay put. plus a fun design!
Another winner for me! this top drapes wonderfully, the lace is beautiful and looks fabulous on! i would highly recommend it!
So cheerful and colorful! love these cozy pj pants!
Excited to get this sweater! i'm a 38c and usually wear a size 14 blouse so i ordered an xl as i don't like clingy sweaters. this was perfect; fitted but not tight. i'll be able to wear this with jeans and cute boots for lunches or nice slacks and heels for a dinner date. wish i could've gotten it for the 25% off + free s/h but glad i didn't wait - this size was sold out first.
I fist saw this dress in the window in alexandria, va olde towne and i immediately said that i have to have it. upon receiving it in the mail, i was surprised by the quality of the dress. this dress is made very well. after trying it on it did look like i was going to be dancing with the hippies in woodstock. but i love the dress and plan on wearing it soon. good quality
My skirt arrived this week and its beautiful! i'm so happy i splurged on it. i'm usually a size 6 and the medium fits perfect, although it is quite long (i'm 5'2" though;). i will probably get it hemmed, but went ahead and wore it anyway and actually found i like it a bit long and its very comfortable. the fabric is very high quality and the color is stunning.
Just received this beautiful jacket of quality wool and superior design. i love it and wore it christmas eve with tailored black pants. the fit is perfect in the shoulders, sleeve length and generous in the hips, waist. i used the tie to gather it in a bit at the waist, but plan to have an inch or so taken in on either side at the hip to avoid my looking too wide. a matter of preference, but i have most things tailored--a must at my age! i felt young and attractive rather than old and non-descri
I'm in love with this jumpsuit! i'm 39 y/old, 5.5", 140lbs and ordered the 6 petite (my legs are a little challenged in the length department). it fits perfectly, and i get complimented every time i wear it. simple, yet elegant and stylish.
George venson of vousta has designed a pair of pajama bottoms that are beautifully designed & comfy to lounge & sleep in. they are a light weight flannel that fit true to size & wash extremely well. the design on these pj's are like no other; a white background with red birds. polar bears, deer, all with tree branches running through the length of the pant. they're just delightful. you must try them!
I'm a petite girl, 5' and 100lbs. ordered regular size xs since others mentioned this being "short" or "cropped". this sweater is adorable, not itchy in my opinion, and the lenght is just right, not short, not long, however it may be a bit short for tall girls...still think it's worth a try.
I really love this dress! the fit is flattering and comfortable. the fabric has a pale art nouveau background, with indian and middle eastern prints over it. the beadwork does "really pop," and the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. for lovers of etro's bohemian style who don't want to spent thousands of dollars on a dress . . .
When i first put this dress on, i immediately thought...oh no, i can't pull this off. at least, not without a cow to milk. but this dress is so comfortable. the material feels divine and the quality really is excellent for the price. the pattern of the panel on the bodice creates a slimming effect so it is also very flattering if you can get the waist to hit right. (i had to try on a few different bras to make this happen.) fits true to size. i got a size 2 - my usual size and i have gained a fe
I was a little  hesitant to order it.  i am glad i did, it is a great top.
I love the patterns and the colors! easy to dress up or down.  i ordered a small and just ordered a can to compare them. the cut is great as the sides still meet even though there's no closure. it's a good weight for this weather and winter! i live in sweater coats where i am and this is a great addition. it's a little itchy, that's the only flaw.
Absolutely perfect and worth every penny! i am 5'8" and normally between a 4 and 6 in jackets. while the small fit, i ended up purchasing a medium so i had more room in the arms. insanely comfortable and truly stunning on. expect compliments when you are wearing it!
I agree with almost everything the previous reviewer said with one notable exception: probably because she and i have very different figures, i am able to wear the sweater fully snapped with the belt cinching my waist creating a peplum effect. i wore this jacket to a party as a top over a black band aid skirt (code for tight-fitting and tastefully short) with black semi-opaque tights and black booties. the look was classy, but edgy having paired a delicate floral pattern and unusually feminine n
I loved this on the cover of the august catalog. when i saw the pictures online, i was a bit hesitant because the background of the dress looked white, and i wondered whether it would be too washed out for me. not so. i love it! it fits beautifully; the waistline is very flattering. it looks like a dress a model would wear in the 1960s -- not a hippie, but a model in a high fashion magazine. it looks great with boots. the fabric is soft to the touch, so luxurious. i am of polish and lithuanian d
I love the fabric and details of this dress!! i was thrilled to see it in person. i plan on wearing it when the weather gets colder because of the styling of the dress. i am choosing to keep the hem where it is, and thus prefer it as a "colder months" dress. the poppy flowers really "pop" in this dress- love!!
Absolutely beautiful jacket...the craftsmanship is amazing, and the colors remind me of a impressionist water color. the jacket runs true to size (i'm 5'7" and 115 pounds with a 30e bust and the extra small fit perfectly). unlike the other reviewers, i didn't have issue with the bottom not lying flat or the collar bunching up. i wore it with a green leather pencil skirt and suede stilettos, but you can also wear it with skinny jeans as well.i got this very deeply discounted, and although it is i
This is just as it looks. a minimalist, elegant, dark navy skirt that provides a classic feminine shape and looks like it could last for years. it is straight, so you might want to consider sizing up unless you're quite slender. i'm 5'10" and 160 and am sending back a m for a l. excited to get my new skirt and to wear it.
The previous review by beardedlady said it best: "yes, i do still feel like a little girl playing dress up in it but i don't care. this is a fun, creative dress to be worn on the days when you feel like having a julie andrews moment."    in my own opinion, i don't think i can wear this without a topper covering the poufy shoulders so i'm happy that i own the dara moto jacket in plum to toughen up the look. i am 38-27-35/36c/135# and the bodice feels a little loose all over with the size 10 re
I had my eye on this jacket (in moss) for awhile. i was afraid the vegan leather wouldn't feel natural or soft but i was wrong. it's wonderfully soft - so much so that every time i wear it and tell someone it's vegan leather, they feel compelled to touch it and can't get over the quality. the detailing is great and the back adds a special, interesting touch. it's become my go-to jacket and works just as well with jeans as it does with a nice dress. and who doesn't love getting a compliment every
This jacket feels like quality and has beautiful detailing. one thing to note though, the proportions are a little odd - it is cut very high in the back (at the waist) and the sleeves seem over-long.
Soft, elegant, beautiful and makes me feel special! what more could one ask for? fit is true to size and has various styling options. best retailer purchase in some time.
Great wardrobe staple! at 119, i ordered the s and the fit was great. you can wear this so many ways and it's soft!
This vest is the best!! even though it has no sleeves it truly keeps you warm. it feels like you're wearing a soft blanket around you. it is my favorite!
One word: obsessed. feel like a carrie bradshaw bohemian queen. sturdy and luxurious, pretty fancy, definitely queen-worthy. i&amp;amp;#39;m walzing around my house in this dress listening to john mayer and feeling fab
I saw this romper online and knew i needed it as i love flannels and i love rompers. it's super comfy. i bought with the intention of wearing it out, not just around the house. i think in the fall it will be cute with high socks and boots but as i just got it, i've been opting for tights. lots of compliments so far. i got a small because i didn't want it to be too short, it fits well.
I meant to order both red and blue and added to red in my basket by accident, oops, meant to be? the color is very nice, not too bright holiday red, but nice rich red. the cut is very flattering too. i didn't expect to love it as much on. i ordered the xxs p, length was not too high/cropped, perfect. the asymmetrical hem gives some visual interest to the sweater, so does the fun neckline with keyhole on the side... fun take on a sweater... for me, the fabric was comfortable. i am 115 lbs, 30dd,
I saw this online and was pleased they had it in blue at the store. the blue is more of a gray, but it's a great color. i tried on the small and my daughter said "you look pretty, mommy." i was sold! i love the cascade on the side.
I absolutely love these shorts. i do, however feel they run on the large side. i am 5'1" and normally wear a 24, 25, 0 or 00 and bought these in an xs. i would have gotten an xxs if they were available, but that was not an option. they are a little baggy, but they are so great i could not pass them up. these are too good to pass on.
This sweater is perfect for cool days.  the fit is true to size, though a bit longer than in the photos, especially the sleeves (i'm petite).  i actually liked the length so did not order petite.  the sweater is a relatively soft cotton blend.  it is comfortable and the ruffle adds just the right amount of finesse.  the ruffle is stitched on all the way, so it doesn't open in front, which is a plus.  the blue grey is marled and more grey than blue.  the red is beautiful and as pictured.
This is a very well made top, i like the cut and it fits true to size. very nice quality and the colors schemes are unique. i'm happy with this purchase.
This looks just as good in person as it does online.   true to size.  definitely warm, but not too heavy.  comfortable as well.
These are gorgeous and not too short or too long which is oddly hard to find! they're mostly tts, but if you're between sizes i'd go up a size because the small was slightly snug on me and i'm a 4/6. i'm hopeful that they'll stretch a little with wear because i think the medium would be too loose.
I bought this sweater on sale and love it. it's very sweet, comfortable, and unique. it fits true to size.
This is an adorable top. i purchased both the green and the blue. the colors and look are so much nicer than the photos of it. this is a stock up item.
I truly feel guilty wearing these outdoors. it is incredibly comfortable, so much so that i asked the sales girl if these were pjs or actually worn out. i'm usually between a s and m. both fit fine, but i went with the m to have a bit more room and allow the top to be a bit more "flannel" flowy. the top has enough length that i can actually let it droop over the waist bet a bit. the length is definitely upper thigh on me (5'8" @ 145), but rest assured, nothing is hanging out. it's actually the p
I first saw this online and was worried the design might look awkward in real life...not on a model, but tired it on in store and it looks great!  it has a tighter fit and seems to flair out in just the right place.  just the right thickness, not too thin or thick.  i am 5'6", 124lb, 34b and got the xs.  i did not try on the s for comparison as i thought the xs fit great.  i'm always either an xs or s with retailer tops. blue is definitely more steel. interesting piece! will not disappointed!
This is cute! i was hesitant to buy, but glad i did. it has a unique cut. the fit is tighter to the body, but it's very flattering. i purchased a xxs petite in the blue color. the blue seems more on the gray side to me, but it is mottled and really pretty. the neckline comes all the way up - as shown. the detail on the neckline and the ruffle shown at a bias is really cool. i love it. pair it with a skirt or jeans. adorable!
This is the softest flannel ever! while i don't think i'd wear it outside, it is super comfy just lounging around. it runs very large, but since it's a flannel romper, not a problem. absolutely recommend for all shapes and sizes!
I am very particular about jeans. it's not just the look; it;s the feel and the quality of the fabric that won me over. the mid-rise wide-leg crop is perfection. i'm 5'7" and a size 8. these are extremely flattering and versatile to go casual or incorporate into a more professional feel. great way to show off some of the fabulous fall footwear options as well. i highly recommend.
Very comfortable, fit over my muscle-y and flabby arms! very pretty.
These are great pants! i sized up from my typical size 28 because i found the rise to be a little low for me. i tend to like my pants a little higher on my waist. the sa said these ran a little smaller for most. when i got home, i put them up to my size 28's and they were the same. (what woman likes to go up a size?) i purchased the black;great for work and play. i would like the holly too but i am waiting.
Love this dress! ?? i tried it on at the store and loved how it felt on. i put it on hold to think about it and returned later that day to purchase. i am glad i did. the 1st day i wore it i received numerous compliments!
This is the one. the faux fur i have been looking for. it is plush and heavy so that it should keep me warm and toasty during the dreaded new england winter. i love the richly saturated jewel tones over a base of black . there are only two snaps to close the front but there is enough fabric to overlap to keep the cold away. maybe winter won't be so bad after all.... one caveat is that the item description is not truly accurate. i initially ordered a petite since the length stated was almost 37 i
This top is gorgeous dress it up for work or wear with jeans for a more casual look. the top fits true to size and the lace is not overdone . i would recommend this and can't wait to wear it.
This dress embodies the retailer brand. the design is unique, and form fitting for just about any body type. beautiful saturated colors and a great cut make it an all around classic. i wish for more of these designs. i originally ordered my usual size 4, but went down to a 2. this dress runs large. looks great with heels or boots as pictured. i am 5'6" 134 lb. this dress has a timeless quality that you will wear for years to come. at my age, i try to buy things that i will wear for many sea
Adorable, true to size and just as pictured. there is no hook and eye clasp as stated but still cute. light weight and will be perfect over dresses and summer tanks. wish there were additional colors. i love the white though.
Can easily be worn with boots or sandals - multi season dress. comfortable, flattering cut. slightly roomy, but pretty true to size.
The fabric is beautiful.  didn't wrinkle so much after 8 hours in a suitcase.  as opposed to the other reviewer mine arrived neatly, stripes match nicely.  i am kind of thick waisted and the size 6 was still perfect for me - i am currently 130 lbs, 34-28-35.  love the colors and the fabric, a nice cotton twill, lined, pockets, pretty bow belt.  i am not a fan of the size zipper style but it is not a deal breaker.  glad i have them !!
These pants fit the bill! they're soft and very comfortable. easy to wear day and night. these are a little higher on the waist, which i love. purchased two pair! i purchased the regular and they come to my ankles.
Love these crops. fitted through hips with full legs. at 5'7 and 125, the 27 fit perfect. these look great with block heels and wedges. denim is lightweight, perfect for fall.
Bought this blouse in white. fits great. can be worn with many things. dressed up or down.
My daughter had one and wore it with everything.i ended up getting one myself.it is a perfect weight.
Bought these over the weekend and i am in love! they are very soft, extremely flattering, and the rich green color is fantastic. i may go back for the black. i went with my usual size 28 for reference, and the fit is great. these will be a fall staple, for sure!
These are amazing. so comfortable, true to size (i usually wear a 29 in pilcro and ag and bought these in a 29). i have curvy thighs and a smaller waist but didn't get a gap situation with these. the only issue i have is the length. i'm 5'6" and wish they were a tiny bit shorter. they hit right at the top of my foot so i keep debating if i should cuff them or not, since the length looks more flattering cuffed but then the actual cuff looks a little weird. i bought them in black for work, and now
Can't love this dress enough. i have to force myself not to wear too often. i get stopped every single time i wear it to get complimented. i'm usually a size 6 or 8 in dresses. went with the 8 after trying both on. i found the arms fit better with the 8. i'm pretty athletic and 5'5' around 140 lbs.
I love this sweater, it's so soft, and it seems to mold to my body more every time i wear it. it runs true to size, but i have noticed that as i wear it more and more, it seems to stretch a little. overall, i am very happy with it and would definitely recommend it!
I have a love affair with pilcro and these jeans make my heart throb. i've been stalking these jeans online and tried them on in the store yesterday. i'm 5'9", curvy, and was concerned that they would make my legs look like tree trunks swathed in denim with miniature cartoon feet protruding from below the hem. not so. they fit like a glove, rested perfectly at my lower calf, hugged around the hips and waist, and flared without looking like church bells. seriously, if you're a cropped pants fan,
But tight around the chest, i ordered xs petite after trying on xxs petite and both are a tad tight on the chest area, kept xs petites as bigger would be too much fabric everywhere else. green color is classic, and the back is longer than the front. overall flattering if with the right outfit. i'm 30 dd and 115 lbs for reference.
This sweater is just as pictured. the fit is true to size, though it is a looser style rather than fitted sweater. it is short, though not cropped, and the sleeves are 1-2" too long, but it is still flattering. it hits at the top of my hip and it looks great with high-waisted flares. the scallop detail is perfect, just enough interest, but not overbearing. the material is soft and heavier than expected. it is a good weight for fall. i wish it was made of natural fibers instead of synthetics, but
Love these new jeans. they fit perfect and are extremely flattering. they look great with a crop style top and flats!
I liked this bc it is long, ivory and thin. i think it will be a versatile piece to wear with tees & casual dresses. it has a little hook & button closure up on one shoulder if you wish to wear it more as a wrap. looks cute that way too.
I bought this top in the black color and it's great! the lace sleeves are so soft- not itchy at all and it is very flattering.
These pants are so flattering, comfortable, and silky smooth. a versatile fall staple for sure. i bought my usual 28 and they fit perfectly.
Oh my this is the best cardigan ever. quality is superb and so soft. i am between a 12 and 14 so i ordered the xl, this cardigan fits true to size. will order more if more colors become available.
I really like this dress! i wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered it, but was pleasantly surprised when it arrived. it fits well and it's very cute and different.
Purchased as a gift for someone who needs to up her pj ante -- soft cute fun
I love everything about this dress. the coloring, fabric and flow of it. it's so much better in person than on-line. it's true to size and very comfortable. a great price as well.
These pants were pretty different then my typical style, but i love them! they come down a bit longer then i think they are supposed to because i have shorter legs, but i still think they are cute- especially with a heel or clog. good quality, well made.
My title says it all. this coat is sure to turn heads everywhere you go. the colors in the coat are beautiful jewel tones and differnt then you will see anywhere. it is so soft and warm and makes me feel fabulous. i feel it fits tts i am short and the regular lent was fine on me. get this before it's gone.
Online this jacket is supposedly an online exclusive, but i saw it in green at my local store. i had to try it on and i loved it. it does swing but is not to much fabric. the drape is really nice it is shorter in the front and longer in the back. it sort of shows that on the model but is much more noticeable in person. this jacket is not lined and i would say more of a shirt. this is perfect for spring or cooler summer nights or over a tank or short sleeve in the winter. i also love lyocell it j
I ordered this shirt online in green, size small. i am 5'4" and 120 lbs. i was a little worried the small might be too long &/or tentlike (i probably would have ordered a petite small had it been available), but it fits great!!! i love the earthy color combined with feminine lace... unique, comfy, gorgeous!
I just love everything about these jeans, and everyone that sees them on me seems to as well! i'm short (5'2") and was concerned about the length on me because they didn't have the petite in my size- but these seem to be just fine. i wear them with a bit of a heel, so that helps. they fit snugly (but not too tight) in all the right places, i have a bit of a backside so that's a plus for me! because of the higher waist, they also don't ride down.  except for the shorter length, they remind me a l
These pants are so perfect, i bought 3 pairs. perfect for casual friday's, a night out or the weekend.
This dress is gorgeous in color and print; i think it can be styled as eclectic or elegant as you'd like. definitely runs big in the shoulder/bodice area, so i sized down.
This top is beautiful on. i did not find it to be sheer in either the black or the ivory, of which i tried both on. i purchased the black as it was more stunning. i am a medium and it fit absolutely perfect. it has a nice pleat in the front, in case you have a teeny bit of tummy. i found it to be very flattering and will wear it as a date top. it will look awesome with skinny jeans or ponte ankle leggings. the body fabric is a lighter cotton. i am 5'4" and it hits at hip length. it does not have
These jeans are adorable!  i wear a 10p and the 30 petite fit perfectly. great quality and will look cute with a boxy crop top and flats.
I wanted a dress that made me feel pretty while traveling, when we went out in the evening. nothing really fancy but nice. i saw this right when it came out and the colors and cut were exactly what i was looking for. i am 5' 3", and normally a size 6 in retailer dresses, but i have a dd34 chest and a little broader ribcage, even though my shoulders and hips are small , which can be tricky. the fit and flare style helps a lot but only if the torso is not too tight. i went back and forth over the si
This dress is seriously gorgeous, and even more so in person. the cut at the bottom is so flattering for curvy , pear shaped, and hourglass shaped women. i sized down so that the dress gave me more of a waist than you can see on the model and it was so much more flattering. love the fabric, fit and style of this dress.
You do not want to know how many cropped, wide-leg jeans i've tried on. all the rest make me look ridiculous for various reasons....it's not easy to get this style right, apparently. these are great: comfy, make my legs look cute, not chopped off, they are not mysteriously tight in the upper thigh (why do some do that?) they act like trousers with a jean's casual edge. the "let out" hem is super cute and they are soft and comfortable. perfect with tucked in or shorter blouse styles.  i bought
These pants are so great. i was debating between them and some sateen denim style pants from another store, but these definitely take the cake. the fit is awesome--although i am a 26 in the green and a 27 in the black, so that's kind of weird.
Fun transitional dress for fall that can be worn with ballet flats, boots or booties. true to size. for reference i am 5'9, 138 with an athletic build.
Love these! loose and comfy everywhere. delighted to have found a 32, and delighted that they are roomy, even at the waist. i exchanged another pair of pilcro's and was afraid of a shipping/pricing conflict, but as usual, retailer customer service was excellent. earlier sale price was honored, easy returns in the orignal shipping bag..  retailer design, fashion and company attitude excels!
As with my other pilcro pants, i love the fit of these jeans. very soft fabric but don't stretch out too much after first wearing. the fabric is distressed but not so much that i worry about holes forming.
I absolutely love these sleep pants. they are very comfortable and the cute tea cups print makes them fun. i have washed them and put them in the dryer and they didn't fade or shrink. grab a pair while you still can you won't regret it.
The fabric quality and style are amazing. the fabric is very high quality and so soft and the style is nice for an adult. i generally don't wear shorts because of length, style and other problems but i can wear these without feeling like a high schooler. i usually wear a 24/00 in pants, i ordered the 0 and was worried that it would be too loose and look sloppy on me but it fits amazingly. one of my favorite purchases ever!!!
This dress is cut perfectly to have a lot of movement. love the colors. i went with my usual size 2 and it fit generously. i am 5.4 and the size 2 hit about the same as the model.   my only complaint: it came really wrinkled and will definitely not make a travel dress.
Wore it this weekend and the compliments were overflowing! it's exceptionally flattering for busty women (i'm a 32dd). i had to size down from an 8 to a 6, but even the 8 looked good, just a bit loose in the bodice. v neck is just right, not too low, not too high. print is gorgeous in person - colors are much richer than the online photo. the flowy skirt is very slimming and forgiving for hourglass and pear shaped body types. but if you have slim hips, you might feel like you're swimming in fabr
So nice. lightweight flannel with precious contrasting gingham cuffs. will look stylish on all heights. very impressed with the styling and construction. fits slightly larger than tts but figured that was to account for potential shrinkage.
This dress is quite the stunner! i love the mix of patterns and the asymmetrical hem. four stars in quality, though, as it could have a bit of pure cotton in the fabric composition, as opposed to rayon + viscose only. still, a versatile dress, for day or night. i love the length of the petite size (please note i'm 5' 4") the shortest part of the hem hits right at the knees. a keeper.
These jeans are perfect--exactly what i was looking for. i was afraid the rise might be too high but it was just right, well below the belly button. i abhor anything resembling a "mom jean" rise. they will look really chic with boots as well as sandals or flats. i have lots of pants in my wardrobe but i have a feeling this will be a favorite pair.
This dress is beautifully tailored and so flattering. i feel very comfortable wearing it to work because of the sleeves and neckline, but think it would also be good to wear out. i'm so happy i bought it.
I love this top. i typically wear small in most retailer tops and decided to size down in this to an xs and i'm glad i did. well made and cute floral design that can be worn year round.
This dress is simply unique   beautiful! i said it runs large, but that only because the bodice is a little looser than anticipated. i decided to stick with my normal size 0 though so i could have a little extra room. for those wishing for a tight fit, size down. i love the colors in this dress; i typically shy away from bright colors and pinks but paired with the muted yellow/brown
I travel a lot and like to wear something other than jeans when i go out in europe. these pants are comfortable and yet i can dress them up. great fit and really nice fabric. i bought these in two colors.
Gorgeous colors, high quality. my only word of caution is that the top part is very tight. if you have a large chest (c+) this is going to be snug, or not fit at all. i'm wearing it now in pregnancy, but i think it will also look great post-partum. can be dressed up or down.
Tracy reese always pleases. this coat is absolutely awesome. it is gorgeous! the faux fur is soft and cozy. this coat is warm. i love the snap closure. this is the sort of attire that makes you feel lovely and is cheerful for those dull winter days. so happy to have in my wardrobe. a collector's item, for sure.
I love these jeans. at first, i was unsure of what shoes to wear with the length of the crop. i don't wear block high heels ( as pictured) everyday chasing after my boys. but once i figured out which shoes looked cute i was in heaven. the fit is very flattering and it will be a great jean for everyday fun!
This dress has a charming "carefree" look that invites fall.
This dress is absolutely beautiful. i wear with with a flat shoes gold. i got a lot of complaints. i was witing the fall season finale antro bringing what i want.
What a fun dress to wear. it feels great, and looks great. i feel good when i wear it. if i was a kid i would wear it everyday, ha ha.
I just wore these for the first time and they are so comfortable. the mid rise waist is not too tight as many jeans are on me and the fitted hips keeps the wide leg crop cut from being frumpy. i wore them with sandals and i think they will wear well with booties and boots as the weather gets cooler too. they are a substantial weight jean not just for summer. these jeans will be seeing a lot of wear.
I at first only intended to try this jacket on and get a feel for the fit and style, as i've been looking for spring/fall in-between weather outerwear. but i unexpectedly (and maybe unfortunately for my bank account) fell in love instantly. the fabric is very soft, and the cut is cute, stylish, and flattering. the quality seems good, and the fit is perfect. i ordered an xs regular in the moss color.
Overall, quite good red skirt, though a little clingy material. good that it has lining. the waist is elastic. xs fits great on me (5'4", 120lbs).
I'm a new mom, and am thrilled at the structure and quality of this dress. it gives me a great shape, very flattering. i can wear it to work with a jacket or dress it up with jewelry for a fancier event.
I love the cut of these pants! kind of a flare, kind of a boot cut and super flattering. they are long so really need heels to keep a nice leg. they have tons of stretch so i could wear two different size. i choose the smaller for a little less length in the leg. i consider them more pants then denim.
I'm not normally one to spend $89.99 on a dress from retailer, but when this dress arrived in the mail it was a no-brainer that i would keep it. it hangs beautifully on your body and the fabric is extremely comfortable the tie at the waist is really flattering and the neckline adds a little bit of fun. i imagine it can go from season to season pretty easily: springtime with a cardigan and flats --> summer with wedges --> fall with tights and boots. i love pieces that can serve different purposes a
I purchased this jumpsuit for christmas parties this year and have received so many compliments. it's a great fit and very comfortable. i especially love the pockets! very flattering.
I honestly can't say enough wonderful things about this beautiful skirt. it is so soft and comfortable, very flowy and flattering, i have a smaller waist but wider hips, and this accentuates all of my best features! i highly recommend this skirt for any occasion! i wore it to my bridal shower and got soo many compliment and i really couldn't stop touching the material. what a wonderful addition to my closet!
Fits great and just as pictured. the material is very smooth and slinky.
Perfect slimming fit. wore it to work and then on to a holiday party. received multiple compliments throughout the day and evening!
It's a beautiful skirt. the color is vivid and the skirt is flattering.
Got the wine color and love it! the design definitely is slimming! 5'1, 120lb, got  size 4.
This sweater is gorgeous! the color is a true periwinkle which really attracted me to it. the bell sleeves are a nice change. i have very long arms and they fit perfectly. i could wear this sweater out.
Love the high rise and stretch of this jean- i feel long and lean which is tough for a short curvy girl! i feel these run a little small for pilcro- i went up a size.
This top is so pretty. the fabric is absolutely gorgeous and the lace on the collar and back add an elegant old world vibe to this beautiful blouse. it is very light and flowy and i can imagine it will be nice and cool for those hot summer days to come. i am rather large chested so it does look a little tent like from the side but that is not the case fron the front and honestly i really don't care because it is so comfortable and pretty. i know i will wear this top quite a bit this summer.
I love this dress. the fabric is creative...checked lace. the silhouette is figure flattering. work appropriate and can wear it for dinner with a change of shoes and jewelry.
Love, love, love this dress! the color is a beautiful blue grey, and the peach embroidery has just a tiny bit of sparkle. can be dressed up or down.
These are called jeans but they aren't exactly jean material. they are black with a nice stretch to the fabric. a bit tighter on the thighs than the flare jeans but the stretch to the fabric makes it work. i like these very much, a very slimming effect. mid rise- which looks very chic.highly recommend!
This beautiful blue sweater was exactly what i wanted!
I usually wear size 4 but the 2 was perfect, 4 would have definitely been loose. really nice zipper in the back, this skirt is thick and has a stiff/bouncy construction to it due to the neoprene which i was worried would make me look large but it is still soft enough that it doesn't do that. i usually have to get petite for retailer and this was no exception, the nonpetite goes beyond my knees awkwardly...  strangely enough, my only criticism for this is that the outer shell seems to get largish w
As always these pilcro pants did not disappoint. i can always order a size 26 and know they will fit like a custom pant. i actually like the fit on me better than shown on the model. there is no crotch hang like in the photo. i need to wear heels with these because of the length but heels and flares are very slimming.
I was so surprised to find this in the sale. it is beautiful. light and airy while lined. the color is bright and fun. it is so comfortable. i ordered an xs based on reviews (this is my typical size in this type of style) and it fit great. i ordered the regular length even though i am only 5'4". i am about 120#. will be an easy "go to" skirt to throw on for a casual look or can be dressed up. did i mention comfortable?
This is a beautiful dress! blend of materials give it a great feel, the cut and style are very flattering. colors allow it to be carried over multiple seasons either on its own or layered for colder weather! very happy with this investment!
Love this skirt. super soft and flowy. the red color is beautiful. i love the detailed raunching for the waist band. the length is perfect at my knee is i wear it empire waist style or below my knees if i wear on my hips.
While being stylish. the dress is well made and comfortable.
This skirt is so ladylike and light as air! the cherry red color is beautiful - just as pictured. i can imagine so many opportunities to wear this skirt. with a sweater and tights now, and maybe a striped tee and sandals in the spring. i'm sure i'll have this gorgeous classic in my wardrobe for a very long time to come!
Beautiful emerald green color in a lovely silk. i suggest one size down if you're small chested as the arm holes will fit more snugly.
Love this dress! i've been looking for a nice nursing friendly dress for a while and this one is perfect! its so soft and hangs nicely. its very versatile and can be worn for multiple seasons. i ordered a size small which fits nicely, but could have done an xs or small petite. (for reference, i am 5'2", 118 lbs).
This dress is incredibly soft, comfortable, and essentially lined (i mean, look at all that intricate embroidery... your skin has no idea it is there). the colors are lovely (the embroidery is sort of a soft peachy cream lined with gold) and the dress is even prettier in person. the neckline is low, but not too revealing, and, though i normally avoid shirts without sleeves, the cut is flattering around my arms. the cut of the hem is also flattering. in some ways, the belt seems like an extra pie
Fantastic price right now and very flattering!! cute and sexy dress that hugs but its forgiving!
Very versatile dress.  runs a bit large i am 5 foot 2 (105 lbs) and ordered the xs petite and it fit perfectly!
I really like this dress. i tried it on in the store and i had to take it home with me. the print is fun and bright and interesting, without being over the top. the grommets give it a little bit of edgy balance to the sweet, flowy shape.  a note on the the fit: i am a 12/14 and the 12 fit well. it is a bit loose in some places, like the waist, but it certainly doesn't look like a maternity dress. i think the looseness is a good part of the overall look. i am high-waisted, and the waistline hit
These are very comfy and look great on! i would like to get a second pair in the lighter color.
Super cute plaid top. i love the colors they are vibrant and go well with my fair complexion. it is a short top and would pair well with high waisted jeans or skirts.
Love love love this blouse the cut outs at the top just add to it's elegance
This is very cute in person. i love the colors, a tiny bit brighter in person. it is very feminine, with the ruffles, but with an edge. not too foo-foo. i tried no the regular size and it was a little short even on me, i would have to wear with higher rise pants, or show some belly... no petite on this one. the size 0 fit me at 115 lbs and 30dd chest. the material is light and airy, so great for warmer days. love it but in my wish list, didn't get it yet,...though the day it showed up at my loca
I just love these! i ordered these in both the lighter and darker denim in my usual size 28. they fit just right, just like my other pilcro jeans. i'm only 5' and the petite version was not available so i will have to get them altered but that's typical. i love the wash in each of them and the distressing is good, not over-the-top. i'm so glad i got these! and the sale price was a bonus!
I received many compliments on this dress. for a maeve dress it did run large. i normally take a 4 or 6 in maeve but with this dress i bought the size 2 and it fits perfect. i am 5' 2" and 120 lbs. i have a little belly and this dress hides it well. beautiful colors and nice shape. it also hits at my knee so it is perfect for work.
I saw this dress and fell in love right away! this is right up my alley, super comfy, perfect fit and love the stud detail. can't wait to wear!
I found this top really flattering on. i originally ordered a 6 and found it a little too big. the 4 fit perfectly, it falls around your belly button area so a little of your stomach will show. it has a flattering scoop neckline and the ruffles give it that extra flare. very light weight for the summer, colors are brighter/better in person.
I originally bought this jacket in a medium, but the sleeves were a bit long and overall fit a little big. i decided to exchange for a small and i am so glad i did!! this jacket feels great and the sleeves hit at just the right spot in the small size. i normally wear a 6.
I ordered this coat as it was on sale but it was so nice it would have been worth full price. i am 5 feet 1" and 110 pounds - i ordered a 4 petite as i like jackets a little larger for a sweater underneath but i could have used the 2 petite as well. this coat is heavy - so also very warm. it is a little shorter than on the model. the colors are more vivid the blue is a denim wash blue not navy blue - it fits fabulously and the quality is great. i wore it to dinner with a navy turtleneck and must
I purchased this dress for a special occasion and am delighted it's exactly what i was hoping for. everything from the way it fits to the way it feels is perfect. i highly recommend it!
This top is lovely to look at and to wear... one to reach for frequently
Run to purchase this jacket. i am in love. it surpassed my wildest expectations when it arrived. beautiful coloration, comfortable fit, fantastic fabric and gorgeous collar. i am so glad that i ordered it. please use this exact same design and offer this same jacket in other colors and patterns. i can't say enough good things about this item.
I just received the acacia swing tank and when i pulled it out, i felt like it was christmas day all over. it hangs nicely and felt luxurious on my skin. even my husband was dazzled. the detailing of the flowers is delicate and feminine. the cutaway gives you a sexy, casual chic appearance that you can dress up or down. i can't wait to unveil this new piece at work.
Soft and romantic. i love it! just like pictured and i wear a cami under. dress up or down
It is one of my favorites from retailer. i received so many compliments while wearing it! i usually wear a 6 but i sized down to a 4 and still had plenty of room.
Fell in love with these instantly in the dressing room. it was more than i wanted to spend but i don't regret it. quality is great, denim is just the right thickness, i love the wash... will be wearing these a lot. just like my other pilcros!  i'm 5'8" 125 lbs. size 28 fits perfect and the length is just right.
I disagree with the other reviews...the colors on this dress are great. bright against the black and the studs are super cute. and the ties at the cuff are a cute touch. fun dress. i think it's as fitted or not as you want. drives me crazy when people get hung up on their "size" to judge clothes. go up or down if it doesn't fit the way you want. i like it to flow a little so i sized accordingly.
I received this jacket in an 8. fits great with room . i am a 34dd chest for reference as i was not sure if i needed a 10, but the 8 is perfect. see my pictures as i feel the website photos are more bright as the actual jacket is more muted. buttons are very nice but the pocket flaps hit right at the boob area so it my bother some . very high quality, lined and will look great over some retailer dresses in the same color way i purchased last year. depending on the season this jacket would do fine
I love these jeans. perfect amount of stretch, perfect color, perfect weekend.   i bought two sizes smaller than normal.  a little snug when they come out of the dryer, but within an hour they are the perfect fit.
Beautiful, feminine, flowy dress. love the brass button detail at neckline and around waist-gives the otherwise delicate dress a pop of "edge". had to detach the slip to get it on, but glad it is included with the dress. i purchased the small and fits like a glove (5'8", 135lbs, 34d). can't wait to wear it!!
I bought this for my girlfriend with the hope that my presumptive intuition about her style preferences and the fit itself would prove successful. fortunately she loves it and looks amazing in it!  the colors are vibrant and the unique texture really lends itself toward a clothing item that is special- even for retailer.  recommend it highly!
I originally purchased these in a size 27 and they were big. i returned them and got a size 26, and they did stretch out after wearing them once - to the point where i could probably have gone done to a size 25. the cut, color, fabric and distressing are great. i am 5'3" and the pants are a tad too long for me to wear them with ankle booties without looking odd. overall, i love these jeans and wear them a lot!
I loved this dress on the hanger and loved it more when i tried it on. i am usually an 8, but purchased the 6 in this dress. i preferred the empire waist to be more fitted which the 6 provided. you can decide which look you prefer. both looked good. i just wanted a less baggy look. as one reviewer mentioned, the print is cut different on all of the dresses. i think the colors pictured online are accurate. regarding the snake on the fabric, i have several snakes on my dress, but not on the back a
Love this dress! light and breezy, but i'm wearing it with tights and a jacket for a winter look.
I'm anxious to wear this dress with boots. i love the colors and print. perfect for work and evenings out.
I bought this online because i love the print on the dress and i was not disappointed. it is gorgeous! the waist on the dress is much looser than in the picture, but i am fine with that. i am 5'9" and the dress length is accurate as shown in the picture.
Beautiful blouse, very flattering! if you run larger in the bust you might want to select one size larger than you usually wear.
I ordered this when i first saw it on line but it was backordered. it just arrived today and i am so very happy with it. so feminine, kind of vintage yet modern. the epitome of the retailer aesthetic. i typically wear a 0p ( 32 a -26-35: 5 ft 2 in) in tracy reese and the 0p is perfect. i gave a 4 for quality only because it is polyester, (however that also keeps the price down). it seems that every summer plenty by tracy reese comes out with a dress that becomes my go -to favorite and this year is
Perfect summer dress: feminine, cool, with just the right flow. hides the bad, and has a nice shape.
I wanted this immediately after seeing it in the catalog. i couldn't wait for it to get to my store so i ordered it and it did not disappoint! it is extremely flattering on my hourglass figure. the pattern and colors are amazing. the unlined lower half does not bother me. i will be wearing this with a denim jacket, light sweater, wedges, then booties in the fall! i fell like this dress will be able to be worn for years to come.
Bought this for a summer wedding, it fit great and i got a lot of compliments!
Love it!! it does run big so i had to return for smaller size. fabric is nice very true to picture
I saw this online and ended up driving over an hour to pick it up from a neighboring retailer store that had 1 more left in my size! it fits true to size for me with the waist band fitting my 27" inches perfectly with no real give- so keep that in mind. the top does seem a little blousey, which i typically avoid (34d already) but this was still super flattering. overall it is a gorgeous dress that looks good on- one of those dresses that makes you feel good wearing it!
This was my first dress purchase this year, quite late. i've been disappointed with a lot of polyester/rayon/viscose dresses so far. if it's 100% silk or cotton, it's quite expensive. this dress meets all my tick marks: no synthetic, beautiful pattern, well-made, flattering to the figure. i have a silk slip so the absence of lining was not an issue for me. fits true to my petite sizing. it's a very easy to wear dress, no tugging with straps or a belt. it's slimming and skims the figure properly.
These jeans fit like a glove while being flatteringly stretchy. i am 5ft 7in, 125 lbs and i have a size 26. these are my second pair of ag stevie ankle jeans and i can't wait to get more. they are a beautiful deep/dark blue. love them!!
Not being into bright neon colors, i love this top! the fit is true to size and helps to hide my tummy. it's super cute and very flattering.
It's very pretty. i purchased mine in the floral. romantic floral. the peplum is true to photos. it isn't short as many are. the print is gorgeous and the fabric is soft and comfortable and the styling is perfect
Ag is my go-to brand for comfortable, high quality jeans. these fit the bill!
I love this dress! the colors are so pretty and the fit is very flattering.
I finally ordered this after looking at it many times, had to order the 00p as they were out of all other petite sizes, and to my surprise, it totally fits me! why i put larger. both colors are equally nice, but due to my pale skin (and only petite available) i ordered the "yellow" one (brighter colors). cut is flattering, love the pleat detail in the skirt, the 00p fit my 30dd chest, and 26.5 inch waist. the length is perfect, above the knee in front and lower in the back. good choice...
I was urged to try this on by my usual stylist as she thought it would look nice with shorts i purchased or jeans or pencil skirt i own (she knows a lot of what i own). it is truly pretty love the embroidered cut outs makes the tank look stylish. the cut is also flattering, though i think i'll have to wear a strapless bra. color is also warm enough to work on pale skin like me or a golden tan. i purchased the 0 regulr, tried on petite but i found it was short and flared too much. i am 115 lbs 30
This dress is absolutely gorgeous. the fabric is light and comfortable. the colors are even more vibrant in person. it has a keyhole opening in front, which might not be for everyone, but which i really liked. the only things i would caution buyers about, is that it is not lined, and for shorter buyers (i'm 5' 3") it runs a bit long, so if you can pick up the petite, that might mean a better fit.
The print on the fabric of this dress is stunning. it is lighter weight than i anticipated, and the photo didn't show the keyhole opening in the front (which i like but may not be for everyone). i am pear shaped and on the tall side, so the shape works nicely on me, not too snug in the middle or rear. not sure about someone not as tall or more busty. i typically wear a larger size on the bottom than the top, so i ordered in the larger size which fit well.
I love this top!! fits perfectly, and not too long. i'm 5'4", 112 lbs and a 32dd and the small fits like a gem.not too fitted, but not boxy. i like that it covers my waist, but isn't too long, either. i may order another one i love it so much!
I love the design of this top - short and swingy, with a cute mock turtleneck and interesting textured pattern. definitely runs large - if you're between sizes, definitely go for the smaller one. it also has pretty large armholes, so you can kind of see your bra from the side.
One of my favorite dresses in retailer! floral prints caught my eye at the first sight, so i had been desperate to have it! it looks pale on picture, but in reality, it is brighter than you imagine it would be.  along with soft, floral, pretty color, i like the design of skirt.  compared to the front, length is longer on the back.  it fringes nicely, so it looks elegant when i walk. and the last thing i'd like to point out... because of the textile, it is quite easy to fold into appr
The delicate print and coloring are stunning. i also like the length and fit and am really enjoying this dress.  the key hole opening was a little low and showed my bra so i had to sew up the bottom inch, i also agree with an earlier comment that a full lining would be nice.  this is the first dress i have bought from retailer because i generally find dresses are too short and do not provide enough coverage at the top. i hope that future collections will include midi dresses and hemlines
I love ag stevie jeans but these are my favorite. super soft with just the right amount of stretch. they keep their fit and don't stretch out. the very dark wash makes them extremely flattering. i'm petite and a bit curvy and these are extremely comfortable.
The dress is just perfect. it's fits true to size and the colors are as pictured. also, a bonus, it travels well - despite having so many pleats it folds nicely and can be worn right out of the bag. very happy i got it while on sale.
There is simply no way to wear a bra with this top. that being said, the cotton is substantive and crisp, the embroidery striking, the coral color bright and summery. it hits me exactly where my hips begin to broaden, which i honestly kind of hate, but the top is so lovely no one's going to be assessing your hips. if you have narrow hips and perky breasts, though, what a perfect summer top (although, i suppose if those are your features every top is perfect!)
I know you've heard it before, but this dress is so much more beautiful in person! i'm petite, usually size 4 but busty, so i tried the 4 and the 6 in the store. the 4 fit perfectly except it was a bit snug at the bust so the the slit pulled open, revealing a bit more cleavage than i wanted. the 6 fit perfectly through the bust, and although it was a bit loose through the body, the cut was still very flattering. i also tried the 6p, which fit but i preferred the longer length of the regular 6.
This is the 4th pair of ag stevie jeans i have bought from retailer. the petite sizing fit me great (i'm 5'1 and 112 lbs) the quality is fabulous and worth the price. i have 2 denim, 1 white, and just purchased these dark wave. i went to the ag store and they do not carry petities. this jean is made exclusively for retailer. love them!
Just wanted to let readers know that the dress doesn't flare out at the bottom like it shows on the model. for me, that's a good thing. it definitely sways and swishes, but doesn't flare out. you definitely have to wear a slip with it, not because it's see-through at all (it's not), but because of the static.   also, this is the perfect dress for belt-lovers.
This dress is wonderful and the petite sizing is really for petites! (i have recently returned two dresses and a skirt that were way too large in the petite offering...so i was not really expecting this dress to fit so well!) i ordered in the 2p. i am 5'4" about 120#. it fits beautifully...even though it's a tad bit loose in the arm openings and i think i could have sized down to the 0p (it is no longer available though). but this dress drapes so lovely and the material is so thin that there is
Very versatile tank.....i will wear it with slacks, skirts, culottes, jeans. it is soft; and the pattern is more noticeable than in the picture. i ordered the white; and i may order the black too. i am 5'4'', 130 lbs. ordered in small. the armholes are perfect - no gap at all.
I really like this dress. it does not bother me that it is not lined. i feel very feminine wearing it. i plan to get a shrug to wear with it.
This dress is to die for.  the picture doesn't do it justice. so pretty and dainty.  perfect dress for a wedding.
This dress is gorgeous. it is better in person than online. i love the detail of the pleats and the waist. it is light weight and perfectly lines and a beautiful dress for twirling with a martini in hand. in fact, my sister tried to steal it from during a recent trip to europe. it is that adorable and flattering - highly recommend!
This top is so pretty, even better in person. it's made really well and i love that it's washable. i did have some initial reservations with the fit. i'm petite and small chested so i typically like to wear a bra to get a bit of extra 'help'. but with the way this top is cut, swingy and slightly bell shaped, i found that wearing a bra, even one with light foam cups (not even pushup), was making the shape of the top look really weird. once i took off the bra, the top actually looked great. i got
You just can't go wrong with a perfect white top. i'm usually xs or s and got this top in xs & the fit is perfect. the bottom is a very subtle bubble hem that you can't really see in the picture. the top is boxy but not too overwhelming since the proportions are just right. thesis a great transitional top that will go with skinny jeans, pencil skirts or even a pair of utility pants. it can easily be dressed up or down.
The fabric and cut of the dress is beautiful.  i am writing a review so i can share my experience regarding size. i ordered the dress in size 2, my normal size for this designer. it fit ok but was a little large in the bust area. for reference, i am a 34 a. i i returned it and ordered a size 0, which fits perfectly.
I love, love, love this top! the color is beautiful, a pinkish-orange, about exactly how it looks online. it is soft and light weight for summers. it does run a little big, i debated between a 0 and a 2 and ended up with a 2, i'm almost 5'7" and 130lbs for reference. it wings out on the sides at first, once i steamed it at home and relaxed the fabric a bit it draped nicely, so don't let that turn you off from it when trying it on! part of the design is cut out through out as a warning,
These jeans are very comfortable, with the higher waist. they have a slight stretch and keep their shape. i also like that the inside is a darker color, which looks good when rolled up.
I love this tank top. i was looking for a mockneck tank for a while, and this totally fit the bill. i wear it to work and out, and feel great in it.
I am 5' 4", a size 8-10 (size 29/30), and my figure is apple-ish. i can't pull off peplum tops because they are too tight for my shape and they flare out at an unflattering spot. all of those "rules" go out the window with this tankini.  first, swimsuits are supposed to be tight, so that problem is eliminated right away. second, the flare-out is perfect for women that want to hide their tummies. i don't like how swimsuits are generally tight in the tummy - that's the area that i'd like to hide t
My favorite pair of ags. i normally wear sz26 but i have awkward proportions when it comes to finding jeans that are actually "ankle" length on me. i orders these in a petite and went a size up to be safe. it doesn't seem like they've stretch out any and they fit exactly how i want. i love the dark wash bc they can be both dressed up and down.
I have been searching my entire marriage -- 11 years -- for the perfect christmas and valentine's day dress. it had to be red, it had to be the right red, and it had to be my style. there were several i saw over the years that were either too burgundy or too matronly. when i saw this dress, i knew my 11-year search was over! this is the most beautiful and elegant, red, special-occasion dress i have ever seen! i cannot wait to wear it for christmas! i think retailer should have reordered thi
Ag jeans are the only brand that fit my body type. for reference, i'm 5'4", short-waisted with larger athletic thighs, smaller waist, bigger behind (or pear-shaped) and shorter legs. this is first time i didn't have to cut off several inches in length, though i may need to hem a few inches as these jeans hit right below ankle (not above like model photo). i usually wear a 29 in ag, but went up one size based on other reviewers comments. ag jeans are worth the price: great quality and made in the
I love this top! it's so hard for me to find conservative, comfortable and yet not mom-isn swimsuits. this top is amazing. it's comfortable and soft and great quality. i'm excited to use this suit this season!
I purchased this dress in "yellow" in a size 8 and 10 since i'm between sizes, and the 8 fits like a dream. i love this dress. it's a nice length, hitting just below my knees, and i can pull off strappy sandals as well as wedge heels and it all looks great. i also like that the top is situated so that i can wear a regular bra with it. i was concerned that the pleats would look tacky in person, but they give the dress a nice amount of movement and swing. highly recommend!
So much prettier in person! beautiful colors matched together! so light and relaxing! love at first sight!
As always, these ag stevies are perfect. i was worried they would run small, but they are true to size on me. i'm about 5'2" and ordered the petite length and the length looks like the model on me. just above the ankles.
Very pretty and a nice fit. lighter weight than i expected at this price but as long as it holds up i'll be happy.
Agree with other reviewers that the sweater might swallow you up unless you are tall. it's soft (not itchy), well made, comfy and stylish. i want it to get cold out so i can wear it!
Beautiful and high quality. unfortunately it made me look top-heavy. i am a 36dd .
Great job from the fabricators in creating such a gorgeous print on light-as-air silk! i'm so happy with the dress and can stare at it for hours, that's how pretty it is. the fit is perfect on me and disguised my figure flaws since it's an a-line skirt that doesn't cling. yes, the skirt is sheer and unlined and for the price a slip should have been included. fortunately i own a silky half slip that complements nicely. i'm a top heavy 36dd, large rib cage, 140# with a square waist and no hips and
I love this top so much that i ordered it in second color. it is shorter but still works with skirts and pants. the material is a fun texture. i didn't have any problems with the arm holes, but this may be due to being less full in the bust area.
Love this sweater! i purchased both the green and gray versions and will wear them constantly this winter. although some reviews were critical of the feel of the yarn, i do not find this to be a problem... so happy with these products! for reference to size, i bought the m and am 5'11... the sweater hits me exactly where it does on the model.
Love the fit, i purchased a medium,and like the room it gives, not snug against my body. the waistline cut is my favorite. purchased three colors, black, white and mustard. all are very flattering for my age (60) and i wear with my skinny jeans!
This is such a flattering, easy to wear dress! i am a size 6 with a 32g bust, and this dress fits me perfectly. so if you're busty, this should work for you too. soft, flowy, feminine. looking forward to warm weather!
Absolutely adore the simplicity and style of this dress. dress is quite flowy, the fabric under the pleats is very soft making is quite comfortable.
Swimsuit shopping can be the worst. it's difficult to find bathing suits that fit well and are flattering. this swim top is a winner. the straps are comfortable, and the scoop in the front was not too low for a 36d cup. the best part is the higher back! a lot of swimwear dips in the back, but this does not (read: eliminates the dreaded back fat). my only concern was that it isn't super supportive for larger busts, but i'm keeping it because i love the straps and how it flatters overall. this wou
This dress has a marilyn feel to it, felt like a dream
Just bought this for easter and it fits beautifully! not only is the cut very flattering, but the colors and fabric are perfect for spring!
The cut of this dress is designed for any figure! the back hem sweeps as you walk, and the pleats prevent the material clinging to places you want to downplay, such as bulges. even flat chested women can look curvy and lovely in this dress. only downside, if any, is the lavender coloring which doesn't do much for impact if you are pale skinned and fair. i'm blonde, and while i got lots of compliments on the becoming flow of the dress, even i can see it doesn't say wow because i kind of fade away
I am a huge fan of ag stevie ankles and own at least a dozen pair. i am 5'4", so this style is perfect for me. this particular wash is a fantastic and flattering fit. it hits right above my ankle and fits beautifully through the hips and legs. i am going to buy a 2nd pair as i know i will be wearing these all the time!
This is the second of the new dress batch i have purchased and it is lovely. this catalog shot does not do it justice.  the colors are brighter, but not neon, lots of indigo and coral. there is a tad of yellow? the bodice makes my aa size look much "more." the bodice fits me perfectly as the top pleating is flat. the v neck is just right - not too low, and the back is even prettier.  the dress just fell gracefully out of the package without a wrinkle and without a mussed pleat! that was a sh
This top is really comfortable but dressy enough for a business/casual office. the fit is nice and loose without making you look larger than you are. i get a lot of compliments every time i wear this.
I love this dress! it is perfect for a wedding, brunch with friends, or even work. it is beautifully made and is comfortable. i have it in the yellow colorway, but i am tempted to go back and purchase it in the purple colorway as well.
This dress is much prettier in person! colors are more vibrant and don't need to iron!!! the neckline was too low for me, so wore a light purple cami underneath which matched the purplish shade of the dress! perfect!!!
These are a perfect staple piece: you can dress them up or down, and they're insanely comfortable! even if you hold a lot of your weight in your butt and thighs like i do, i feel like these pants do such a nice job of being form-fitting and flattering without squeezing the life out of you. i have always loved any and all retailer pants in this style, because they just fit so well and last a really long time. i will continue to buy these for many, many years!
Love the color of this- a rich, dark green- it is super cozy and perfect to throw a long sleeved shirt under- it is roomy, not fitted. i ordered a small, then thought i should have ordered an xs,- so then i ordered an xs as well. i go between xs and small, but because this is not fitted, the xs is perfect. material is nice- soft and super cozy.
The colors (including the deep blue in the background) are as vibrant and harmonious in person as you would hope, it looks like an oil pastel drawing! the print itself is very well done, i'm so picky about the quality and resolution but even up close every part is beautiful.   the cut is great, it doesn't show too much of the armpit, the straps and sides cover a normal bra, and the neckline just shows the collarbones.  the feel is very light and floaty; some sites mislabel the material but t
The arm holes are a little large but not to a point i can not deal with them! it hits just at the right place on my body and is very flattering. i love the print and it is going to be a staple with jackets and alone!!
I wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered this but when it arrived i was pleasantly surprised that it's by postmark and has an interesting cut. i ordered the xl in the hope that it would be oversized and slouchy. it is that and more! the lightweight, sweater like material is truly perfect for the transition to spring. i look forward to wearing it tomorrow!
My local retailer had one of these skirts in store, presumably a return. i was so excited when i found out that it was in my size! i'm 5'7 and usually a 2 or 4 at retailer and bought the 2 for reference. the skirt is made of a heavy fabric and the pockets are lined with paisley fabric! the seams look really sturdy and the skirt moves well. it's very cute and super easy to wear. i styled it with brown boots, an retailer belt and a white button down. great for spring/summer xx
These are great, casual, comfy pants for summer. i'm 5'1", 95lbs, usually a 25 or 26 in pants. the reg 25 was a better fit than the 26p.
Love this tunic. very comfortable and a perfect length to the knee. i wore it to a birthday party with brown booties. the green moss color is perfect for the fall in new england. can't wait to wear it again.
Better than the picture - i like the layered look and the texture of the fabric. great top.
This layered top fits true to size. the style is trendy and cute. the type of fabric is nice. i love the design of the back. i would definitely recommend it. it's worth the money.
I love these tights!! they're thick and durable and the pattern is super cute.
This was way too big on me, so i gave it to a friend. not only does it fit her really well and look great, but it has become her new favorite sweater! love the casual everyday style, and am tempted to order one in a smaller size for myself.
Love these tights. fabric feels great, soft and comfy. took large so they fit perfectly at true waist for 5'6 height. some retailer tights i have bought in large, but they are too short for 5'6" person. the color of this paid is a subtle green. looks great with black skirt and green sweater.
These pants are so comfy and perfectly casual without being sloppy. they're the perfect summer pants.
These pants have quickly become my go to spring pant. comfortable and a long enough crop for my 5'8 legs, almost closer to the ankle which i prefer. i wore them 3 times with out washing and they did stretch out a bit but there is a set of buttons in the hip if i really needed them tighter there. i bought the darker color, its a mossy green/grey. it looks sharp with the tla black v-neck t shirt.
These are the best trousers i have bought in a long time! i'm 5'8 and 145 pounds and the 8 fit with a bit of extra room in the waist--not enough to size down. i love that they are not "skinny"--so over the skinny fit. i plan to wear these with black heels, white tee, and the vegan black leather jacket i purchased at the same time--oh, and a statement necklace--always a statement necklace. these are a must for every fall wardrobe! more pants like these, please!
I totally disagree with previous reviewer on sizing. i am usually a medium (sometimes small) in various retailer tops and i purchased this top in a small. i could barely get it over my head. i then ordered the medium and large. i tried the large on first and it fits perfectly. (like the model shot). so i would say this definitely runs small. i never wear a large. for reference, i am 36c, broad shoulder. the gold beading on the top is very pretty and the gold embroidery thread really pops. t
I have been a paige/pilcro lover for years! these mcguire jeans went on sale and i loved the neutral color so i ordered my usual size 28. they fit perfectly!! as a previous reviewer started, they are tight . . .they are skinny jeans and are meant to be tight. they hug in the right place, are not too high waisted and are a sturdy denim. for reference i am 5'2", 120 # , short waisted and usually wear a 28 in paige/pilcro. these mcguire's, sized 28 were a great fit, good length, no hemming required
These pants are so great. very comfortable, true to size, and i can see myself wearing these all spring and summer. i'm 5'1, 120 lbs, and my usual 26 petite fit great. these would also make excellent travel pants. i purchased the green color, and will be purchasing the tan color once i get done writing this review.
I've returned multiple pairs of trousers this fall because they were low quality/ wrinkle-prone wool and unlined.  the material on these, however, is high quality and weighty, wearable in fall, but also great for our much colder winters. the herringbone is gorgeous - dark grey and black with subtle flecks of red, dark pink, and gold. they are also beautifully lined so will keep their shape and not itch! true to size for cartonnier: got a 2 and tried a 2 in the monica flannel trousers. gorgeous!
These are the perfect light weight relaxing summer pants! the fabric is soft and light, and has some stretch, so i think they can be worn more fitted way, too.  i don't want to show off my bottom half of my body shape, so these are perfect ones to be a bit loose to covers the silhouette but still looks feminine & not too loose.  i''m 5'3, 115 lb and usually wear 25-26 jeans, 25 petite gave me the perfect relaxed look without losing the feminine look. i think 24 could fit as well, but would sn
This top is much more beautiful in person than in the photo. the embroidery is exquisite and there is the tiniest bit of sparkle amidst the design. soft, flowing and flattering. definitely a keeper.
I loved this top even more in person! it is made well and beatiful! the sheer under layer adds a sexyness to the design. the back of the shirt is open. i really like this detail!
Prettier in person! so pretty! i'm 5' 6'' 120 lbs and the xxs fit well. i normally wear a 0-2.
I am so glad i got these pants. the quality is great and the fit is perfect. they are very flattering and comfortable. i have worn them with flip flops on a casual day and have also worn them with black heels for a date night. worth the purchase!
Saw this top online and knew i had to have it! it's unique and gorgeous with the split back and two-layer design. the top layer is thicker and almost like a brocade/tapestry design with rich purple and yellow tones. the under layer is sheer and lightweight. i was able to wear this early in my pregnancy and it totally disguised any bump i had from co-workers. this is def one of my top 10 fav tops now!
I just received these jeans today after buying them online last week. i wasn't sure how they would fit, but i am so very happy i got them. and on sale too!! i am 5'2" and about 128 pounds. athletic and curvy but petite too. i bought the size 4 and they are a perfect fit in the length too. they are button up, boyfriend style but not too baggy. the detail on the cuff is perfect and they have a unique, unusual but expensive look. what a steal !! i would have paid full price for jeans that fit this
Love these! they are my new favorite weekend pant. they are comfortable, versatile, and cute. the fit and cut are great too. a must have for your wardrobe.
Purchased to speak at an event. not only is it very eye catching and i garnered many compliments it fit like it was made for me and was comfortable to wear. i questioned ordering a 4 and possibly could have worn a 6 but with the elasticity to the material there was no problem with movement or sitting and i felt hugged in in all the right places!
Remarkable dress, so much so that people stop me to remark about it!
I wore this to a wedding yesterday and received several compliments. the dress is well made and very comfortable. i know i will wear it again.
Wore it to a cousins wedding. loved it! probably one of the best dresses that i have ever worn. lots of compliments. felt great dancing the night away.
I was so excited to get the dress, it's extremely beautiful and comfortable. the size i picked was unfortunately too big for me though, i just had a baby so it's hard to figure out what size i am now..details were exquisite.
I don&amp;#39;t write many reviews but i loved this dress and had to share! i&amp;#39;m normally about a true 6 and have been finding a lot of retailer dresses running rather large. i tried this on in the store in a 2 and because of the stretch in it, it fit my hourglass shape really well. i have a melodies that pencil dress in a 6p that fits great so this style i think runs a bit larger. i wore it to a date night and it helped make the evening special.
This dress is a beautiful, classic dress that is figure flattering and as stunning in person as it is in the photo. i love it!!!
Love this dress. sexy but still appropriate. very elegant. i'm 5'6, 125 pounds, and the size 2 fit me great. it is a little long so i am considering ordering the size 2 petite. definitely worth the money.
Great dress, received tons of compliments. downside to the dress is it stretched a bit and was feeling a bit loose by the end of the evening.
This gorgeous dress arrived today and i can't wait to wear it. based on other reviews i ordered a 6 petite even though i'm 5'6" because i wanted the skirt to hit just above my knee. it's perfect. i usually wear a 4 or 6 and the 6p fits well, not snug but not big either. maybe a 6r would be larger, i don't know. if you are worried about the skirt being too long then definitely try a petite size.   the dress is risqu because it's faux "see through" but still very classy and elegant. it's sexy w
This dress fits like a dream and looks gorgeous on. i'm sure it will be a go to for many occasions.
This dress is amazing. i bought it for an afternoon wedding i'm attending, it's perfect! it fits like a glove and the lace is so delicate. the nude sheath really allows the lace and all the details to stand out. love it in the black!
This dress is absolutely gorgeous! love, love, love! i am 5'2 and the petite sizing was perfect.
This is my 4th byron lars dress and i just love this designer. his dresses all fit the same as far as i can tell. i had bought this dress as my sister in law recommended it so much and she was right it is stunning!
This black dress is stunning...i've already worn it to a fashion show and a wedding and i received so many compliments!
This is a very flattering dress that is perfect for those little black dress occasions. two other people in my family own this dress and love it, it's now my turn to add it to my collection. the dress is quite long for my 5"6" frame, so i have reordered it in a petite size for a little better fit and length. the lace is very detailed and the nude slip underneath keeps the lace from being too revealing. very elegant, a little chanel like. and by the way, the belt is included, as another reviewer
This skirt is a great addition to my wardrobe. the print is sophisticated and style flattering on any body. it can be dressed up or down and could be worn most of the year. maybe not on those hot summer days, but mild ones, for sure with a pop of color tank or t.
I bought this dress for the kentucky derby. i was worried about wearing navy to an event known for bright colors, but the gorgeous lace and rosettes are light and beautiful. i paired it with a lavender hat, and i was ready for a mint julep! i usually wear a 2 or a 4, so i ordered both. the 2 fit best. i will be wearing this dress to a wedding in the fall and for many events for years to come. stunning!
I was looking for the perfect july 4th weekend dress, with enough room to be comfy (and eat!) while also being chic and feeling cute.  i got countless compliments on this dress.. the design is adorable, and the fit is really flattering. i'm 5'4" and i weigh about 128 - i normally would have worn a small, but i had to spring for the petite xs. the design is a bit big and billowy, and anything else would have swallowed me up.  overall, great purchase. i am in love! :)
I've been looking for white beach shorts and these are perfect! as another reviewer said, they are in fact see-through -- because they are meant to be a cover up, not "real" shorts. the hem detail is very cute and they're super comfortable! my size small fit tts, and the 3" hem is nice for tall women.
Got this dress in the mail today, and i am blown away. the fit is amazing! normally i would get an 8 in dresses, sometimes a 6, i got a 6 in this one and it's perfect. hugs in all the right places. everyone needs this dress! i feel like with the style and fit of this dress, it should be a little more snug so i recommend sizing down. cannot wait to wear this one!
I love this dress! it's very cute and comfortable. i belted it to give me more of a waistline because otherwise the tented shape overwhelms my short stature. i love the strap design at the neckline. the off the shoulder sleeves are comfortable. i have an xsp which is true to size for me.
I am fortunate to work in an environment where i can wear jeans just about every day. so, i am always looking for a good pair to add to my collection. i bought this style on a relatively quick shopping trip with not a lot of thought. well, 2 weeks later i was back buying a second pair.  the color is great, a little darker with that warn in look but no whiskering with a fit that is tts. i like the higher waist to cover my mommy-tummy and my butt looks pretty fabulous. but, the best thing about th
Incredibly flattering and going to be useful for multiple occasions - i needed a 'default' black dress and this is it.  only downside - it's pictured with a beautiful grosgrain ribbon at the waist, but does not actually come with the ribbon. i'll be trying to find something similar at a ribbon/embroidery shop, as the dress would really benefit from a slightly cinched waist.
This dress has been on retailer's site for a while now (years?) and i finally grabbed one during a recent member sale. i can't believe i waited so long! it's so gorgeous on - classy but still distinctly sexy. i'm 5'10" 160# and the size 8 fits great - definitely fitted through the hips and thighs and roomy enough on top i considered taking it in. beautiful dress overall!
I am so happy with this! i was pleasantly surprised upon receiving it as i expected it to be of lesser quality than what i found it to be. it is a medium weight weave, grey sweater with a beautiful design and texture; one of those pieces that you will tire of long before it wears out! it is a great layering piece but not over bulky or structured tops as it is very smooth fitting without a whole lot of give. that is to say it is not loosely woven so it is better over a snug fitting item. the colo
This dress is really lovely. it looks so fragile online but in person is rather structured and substantial. it runs very large i just returned mine for 2 sizes down. i also like the zipper up the back so that the eye hooks on the front are not necessary to use to put on. the interior lining is affixed so there is no slipping like a typical under slip. if you are on the fence at least try it. i am glad i did.
I wasn't looking for a little black dress but i couldn't resist this one. it's as stunning in person as it is in the pictures online. the front has a corset-like closure which i didn't realize until it arrived. it's very classy though, not cheap looking. the lace detail is really beautiful. i was a bit concerned about how the sheer looking areas would look because i was hoping to wear the dress for a dressy work function. it's definitely a sexy dress but the fact that there's so much coverage ma
This is truly the best black dress...you can wear to sooo many things. a long time keeper for the closet. i felt it ran a little bit big...i am normally an 8-10...i bought both sizes (8 and 10)...kept the 8...but felt i could even get away with a 6...but didn't want to pay shipping again for another size. i am 5'7" and 155lbs. it is truly a flattering dress for any figure.
I love this dress. i found it to run one size big. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and went down a size to a 2. i purchased both a 4 and 2, then tried them on a few times, and the smaller size didn't pull at all because it fit me right, the larger one, hung lower and didn't look right. i received compliments all night when i wore this and paired it with black heels and a small back clutch. very comfortable too.
I don't know that there needs to be more reviews, but here goes.   the dress is gorgeous! i have never received so many compliments on a dress of mine, and i have some really lovely ones. strangers and friends alike were complimenting me. i had been eyeing this online, but never pulled the trigger thinking i'd never need a dress like this anytime soon. then i came across this in person at my local store, and i instantly fell in love. don't hesitate! and, if you're lucky that retailer is having o
Love this dress. the fit is amazing. i wore it to church for my brother's wedding and got so many compliments. it looks great in photos too!
I would not have spent this much on a dress without a gift card, but it absolutely lives up to the hype.
I've eyed this dress forever and finally decided to buy it. i literally read every single review to make sure i ordered the right size. i'm 5'4-3/4", 36c-32-37 with a drop-waist that measures 34. based on the reviews, i ordered a regular size 6. i tried it on with a bra and also without, and the dress fits so well and beautifully both ways. but for complete comfort, i'll probably go without the bra (the lining and design don't show anything you don't want seen!). sitting in it feels great too. i
I disagree with reviewers who said the dress looked cheap, cavernous or stiff. quite the opposite. i wore this to my 32nd anniversary dinner, and two women stopped me to say i was stunning. i am an average medium hourglass. the dress arrived in 2 weeks and was true to size. i wore a nude lace strapless bra underneath. the hem reaches the bottom of my kneecaps. the lace sleeves were not tight on my fleshy arms. the neckline lays flat. the dress zips in back, and the silver hooks in front are most
Fabulous dress! clip off the tags because they show through the lace on the back (you can see this on the back photo of one recent reviewer).
I love this dress and am strongly considering buying the white, too, but i wish it came in another color other than white or black, because i would get that. goes great for nice dinners, dates, weddings, almost anything. it's not ball-gown fancy, but just fitted and nice enough to wear for work or a nice evening out. only problem i have are with the clips in the front. i have a hard time using the loo because it is very fitted, you have to un clip them and then re-clip, but it's worth the effort
This is a unique beautiful dress and it fits like a glove.
I love this dress. i purchased a size down from my normal dress size after reading the reviews. i'm 5'9" 148lbs 34dd and the size 6 fit perfect. the attached slip is a tad darker than my  very fair skin color but it still works. can't wait to dress it up with some nice heels.
This sweater is light gray, as shown in the photo, not dark gray as the description states. i went up from my usual size so would say it runs small. it is lightweight enough that i think i will get adequate use out of it this winter in fl.
I purchased this dress for my 50th birthday bash!!! it was stunning!!! the fit was perfect. i did buy it a size up, but could have worn my regular size. it is incredibly flattering and elegant. very well made. one of my go to black dresses for the summer!!!
The picture doesn't do this blouse any justice. the fabric is really nice and the back is really what makes this blouse. the bows down the back of the blouse make it pop!
This dress is gorjuss!! i thought i would be in between a 10-12, but after trying on the 8 in the store--i'm a perfect 10. i was a little nervous about the price, but then i said, "treat yoself!" and made the leap and didn't look back. i felt so confident wearing this to a wedding and received so many compliments. i wanted a dress that made me feel sexy, without showing so much skin--this achieved it all! make the purchase--you won't regret it :-)  i'm 5'8, 195lbs and the 10 was spot on!
I was feeling defeated in my search for a dress for some upcoming holiday parties while shopping today. i saw this dress in the dressing room as another customer was trying it on. she was a shorter petite woman and this dress looked amazing on her. it instantly caught my eye and it looked great on her! i went and was lucky enough to find a size 10. lately i've been closer to a 12 sadly and was worried this was going to be another bust. i'm 5/11 and much curvier than the woman i saw in the dressi
Lightweight, soft cotton top and shorts. i think it's meant to be a beach cover-up but i'm wearing it as a thin, light-weight summer outfit on these hot hot days. the top has a loose elastic around the bottom which i didn't realize when i ordered it, but i like it and it matches the look in the photos. and the shorts are very low-cut - don't expect them up around your waist. again, i like that. some might want to wear a cami underneath because it's a thin cotton but i'm fine as-is. i bought it i
I tried this dress on in store, and i realized it is true to size in every way. i am 5'1 and needed a petite for it to land just above my knee. this dress was elegant- i wore it to a wedding and some thought it was a "rent the runway" dress! ha! i'm way to classy for that. for all you ladies who want to look sophisticated in those cooler evening events, this is your dress! i felt so elegant and danced the night away and had no issues! the clasps go all the way down the dress, so i do suggest (li
Best jeans ever. i have 2 pairs now. after getting my first pair last year, i knew i would be needing another. most comfortable, form fitting and flattering jean ever.
I love these jeans! well worth the price. waist hits just right. the stretch is great. i can wear them with riding boots, booties, and flats. i love them!
I have purchased over 7 byron lars dresses. i'm addicted to his style and perfect fit for the curvy woman. whether you are a 2 or 12 you will feel beautiful and if you care to present yourself on the occasion as a most lovely lady that oozes of mystery wear this dress. throw your next day dirty hair up with any classic retailer pins, barrettes or headband along with a strong lip color with earrings only. or go nude lips, smoky eyes and heels. this dress carries itself. don't over accessorize with
I wore this to an engagement party and got compliments all night. it is absolutely gorgeous and very slimming! i got a petite 4, and it fit perfectly. for reference. i am 5'2 and 125 lbs. you ill not regret buying this dress!
Bought this dress for a friend's wedding. i have since worn it to two others and the opera numerous times. it's my favorite little black dress as it's sexy and modest at the same time. i receive numerous compliments every time i wear it! it's easy to get into, the zipper is sturdy and the fabric is breathable, stretchy but not clingy.
Bought this in my usual size small and it fits well. i wear it around the house constantly to stay warm this winter. it is so very warm and comfortable. very easy to wear. could be worn out, but i prefer it with lounge pants due to the comfort and warmth it provides. it is a nice neutral and can be worn with many other retailer casual clothes. highly recommend!
I wore out a pair of level 99 shorts a couple of years ago. ordered these in the same size and they are huge. so i am sending them in for exchange and hope i'm guessing right. linen and tencel are my two favorite summer fabrics. love the length which can be adjusted by rolling. good pockets. gorgeous somewhat dusty plum color. belt loops if needed though i rather hope they're not.
Just got these in black and they look great! they are a great combination of classy and casual with the added bonus of being super soft! they are, however, very fitting/slender, but give a little with wear. as others have mentioned, they do run a little small, so sizing up one was the right decision. at 5'5", they fall at just right place on my ankle. great pant overall - always love pilcro!
This sweater is a hit. the color is fantastic and the shoulder cutouts add a feminine and unique touch. looks amazing paired with booties, a statement necklace and jeans. definitely affordable too! highly recommend
I've always been a pilcro fan and they always seem to fit just right. this pair of velvety pants was no different. lightweight velvet and a great cut. yay!
I wish i had purchased these earlier in the winter season because i could wear them every single day. they are phenomenal, plus i got them during a great sale. the reviews i read said they run small, so i went a full size up and they fit perfectly. (i usually wear a 4, bought a 6.) one of the best winter wardrobe purchases i've ever made. totally versatile and because they're black, they can be dressed up, or down.
These are beautiful pants! the wine color is rich and they are very soft. they just run really small. i normally wear a 25 regular but often i have to roll the length up a bit. so, this time i ordered a 25p thinking it would be the same just shorter -- but i could hardly even pull them over my slinder size 6 foot. i am going to exchange them for a 26 regular. i so hope that they fit -- they are so lovely!! i totally recommend -- just order a size, or maybe two, up. though, to be fair, maybe peti
I love this jumpsuit. i've worn it twice and received many compliments both times. absolutely gorgeous. i couldn't be happier. 5'5", 135, 34c-6.
This is cuter in person, more of a brown than a cream like in the picture. it runs a little smaller than i was expecting, but that's actually good for me as things usually are a little loose up top. i'm 5'6", 120 lbs, 32c, and an xs fit well for a sexier look, but if you're wanting it a little looser, i would go up one size.
This is a great shirt with cute details including the ruffled back. i am petite and needed to shorten the sleeves, but otherwise the fit was true to size and not too baggy or too tight. the material feels avergage in quality, but looks polished with navy blue pants. i received several compliments during my first wear. overall, a very cute shirt!
These pants fit great. the velvet material is a sleek look . these pants can be casual by day and are easily dressed up in the evening.
These pants are amazing! i love that they zip in the back and the material is just right. i am 5'7" and they are the perfect length. i bought the black and now buying the gray. i hope they come out with more colors!!!
I was very hesitant to purchase this with such a high price tag but i just received it in the mail and it is absolutely beautiful. feels and looks high quality and i can't wait to pair it with the top the model is wearing in the photos. definitely worth it!
I have other pilcro cord leggings & the black ponte knit leggings in my usual size 28 in this brand. they fit well & have a nice stretch - very comfy. i ordered these velvet leggings in the 28, the blue & the wine, & they just don't fit the same as the others. these are a little short in the crotch area & the legs feel restrictive & not much give. i have skinny legs! length is perfect though at the ankle. these same exact pants were just in at the store in black & fit a little better, but i don'
My bridesmaids gifted this to me at my bridal shower, and of all the lingerie i received that day, this was the most memorable. it is equally romantic and sexy as it is subtly sheer. the delicate eyelash lace detail adds so much flair. i have this in size small and it fits tts. love this piece! i plan to wear this for my boudoir shoot.
I love the pilcro pants and so when i saw these level 99 shorts i just had to order. they arrived and are as good as i hoped. the fit is great, the length is great (i don't like shorty shorts) and i love the color. the photo is very true to life in regard to color. i will definitely get a lot of use from these this coming summer.
Incredibly soft and comfortable, not as fitted as i would like (this often happens to me with skinny pants, though). i want to wear these guys everyday!
Really great best.  nice substantial material and great fit.  will be able to wear with many things.
This shirt is amazing. i bought it in white and found i was wearing it with everything...so i went back to get the gold (which is yellow). the dit runs big so order a size down. love the riffle around the sleeve and the little dot trim. very cute!
I love this top, it gives a little bit of a sleeveless look yet is more flattering on the arms for those who don't normally wear sleeveless tops. i think it runs very large - i'm normally a size s/m and the extra small was right. it's loose around the waist yet has a feminine fit.the tiny balls around the neck, button at the back, flutter sleeves, and linen fabric are all cute details that make this top unique. i also like how the fluttering goes down the sides and not just around the sleeve.
I love this pajama combo! it is super cute and comfortable!
These pants are so soft and stretchy they feel like leggings. i love the ankle length as they are perfect to wear with both flats and booties. i am 5'5" with fairly long legs and these hit right at my ankle. they are so comfortable i have ordered in the green, red and gray. my "go to" pants this winter.
I first saw this online, and as a long-time wearer of vests, this really caught my eye. once it came into the store i was able to try it on, in grey small, and it was perfection. it just wasn't in the budget so i decided to wait for it to go on sale and watch the website every day. we have 5 stores in my area and when it got down to only 2 having limited availability for a small i sprang into action. the largest store had put it on the "almost gone" rack and they had only 2 smalls. i tried them
I got this vest for my birthday and it is my favorite. it has a very clean design, well structured and you can really tell the product is high quality from the look and touch. i would expect this to stay in my closet for years to come.
This little pantie is fun and playful. its a deep maroon color with small shimmering lace details. the back is sheer but the front is more filled in and opaque. the ribbons on the sides can actually be untied which is a big plus for me. i'm a small lass, but i have a big bum so i got a medium and it fits perfectly.
-like others, i agree that this is a staple that will pair with many, many outfits. it is really well-constructed, classic, comfortable, and a wonderful length for us taller gals. as you can see from my stats, i'm rather tall at 5'9", so it's hard to find
I ordered my normal size 32. they were a little tight however i'm glad because they normally stretch out quite a bit so i'm assuming they should fit perfect after one wearing. the length is fine for my 5'9 height and they are very soft.. i'm so happy with the light red color, it's almost a rust which i love.
Love this top. have two of them. they are comfy, light-weight and extremely flattering. love!
I love this dress! i was trying on some dresses in the store and the sales girl put this one in just for fun. i would have never picked this dress out. i didn't look awesome on the hanger. but i tried it on anyway and i ended up getting two other dresses at that time. but i couldn't stop thinking about how much i loved the way i looked and felt in this dress. so i did what any girl would do and bought it online. it took me a while to find it online because the picture on line doesn't do the dres
This dress is very versatile and i plan to use in all year round with some tights and boots in the fall/winter and strappy sandals in spring/summer. i originally purchased this dress in a m but had to size down for a more snug and flattering fit. the navy is much darker than the picture.
These pilcro jeans are so very cute. i usually wait for a sale to purchase the pilco jeans, but i didn't want to chance them not being available in my size. the pilco jeans seems to sell out fast. the cotton material is very soft but not sloppy. you will love the embroidery down the side of the leg. they do run a bit big. i purchased them in one size smaller for a slimmer fit. i would suggest one size up if you like them more baggy.
Found this cute little black sweater on the sale rack in a small and it fit perfect. it is flattering and will look great over a tank top or strappy dress. the little details of chiffon around the collar and the tiny cutout holes around the back, the softness, and the little detail on the back bottom make this a perfect go to sweater for me. i only say it runs small because it is a cropped style so expect it to be short, but i would agree that the arms are more to the snug side than the loose fi
Such a lovely skirt. i plan on wearing it to a formal event, but could definitely see dressing it down with a jean jacket. it is so feminine and beautiful. well made and fits fine.
So pretty, love hte design on this one. i tried on hte regualr size, adn will not need a petite, it hit me jsut above my knee. younger gals may oprefer shorter, however.  the aottern is also nice. the cut is flowy and flattering, nothing bad to say about htis dress...
I ordered the xxs because it seems like a flowy top, and glad i did, it fits perfectly. love the blue color, very rich. material is super soft, cut is very flattering, and i love the back. i tried it on with my strapless since that is what i was wearing, but not sure if straps show on a regular bra. (30dd for info)
I tried this in the fish print and the pallas stripe. i did not like the fit of the fish print, but the stripe is perfect--so try more than one color if you are interested in this style. also try more than one size of course. i almost always order up in a swimsuit, and this time was no different. the medium fit great, although i am a xs-s according to the size guide. i am a 34b for reference, but i think my rib cage is somewhat wide. i do not like to feel constricted, but i still want the top to
This is my favorite shirt ever. i've had it for years and it still looks great. please, please bring it back!!
This unique blouse is very comfortable and looks beautiful on the body. it flowy and flattering and looks great with my tan. dress up or down, it's a staple in my summer wardrobe.
This sweater is just the cutest- sweet and feminine with interesting details especially in the back. it's very figure flattering worn closed (there are 3 adorable little buttons) or it can be worn open over a dress or a cami. it runs very small, i usually wear a small or extra small but i bought this one in a medium, mindful of the reviews. i'm so glad i did since in addition to running small the sweater did shrink a little when i washed it even though i hand washed it in cold water. it wasn't a
I adore this dress. the fabrics are elegant and unique and combine for a stunning look! tried with a belt and looks wonderful with or without......so many options. perfect dress for warm autumn days! ordered my usual size and fits very true to size. a must have!
This is a soft, light sweater that will take you through fall. i got the raspberry, which seems more like a cinnamon color to me. the design is really cute with the fabric inset in the back. i got three of these in different colors so obviously i really like them for layering and can recommend them! it seems tts. i am 5'5" and 140 lbs. medium is perfect.
Super cute in raspberry and very flattering! i paired it with the reversible tank in dark gray, skinny jeans and fringe boots.
Not only was it love at first sight when i saw it online, but i fell even more in love at first touch! everything about this dress is perfection. i got the black motif & the colors are just lovely. the weight & feel of the dress are nice, & the length is great. i added a skinny black belt for more waist definition, but it's cute with or without it. i am more than pleased with this purchase.
This romper is so flattering. i normally don't like how short rompers are, but this fits and flares at the perfect spots on me. not to mention that it's super comfortable. i wore it last weekend and got a ton of complements. very happy i bought it! i normally wear a medium, but the small fit me perfectly?i'd recommend sizing down.
I really wanted to love this dress, but even though i got a small, it was still too big. i also don't think the horizontal pattern was a good look for me, other than that, it is beautiful and the fabric felt nice.
Love love this piece! for the moment i saw it i noted anther catalog, i knew i had to try it on... im 5' 9" and 130 and the xs fits me perfectly. i love the way it is tailored. it is also lined with a nice fabric. overall a very well made summer go to piece!
This is just adorable on. i go between a small and medium and the small was perfect for me.. i wore this with tights and boots, but can also see this working in warmer weather with sandals or peep-toe booties.
Can't say about fit just yet since it is a gift; color is soft green and versatile. finishing touches around edges and in back make it a stand out sweater that dresses up jeans but also nice over a dress or with skirt
Such a fun and beautiful skirt, absolutely love the cut and the way it flows when walking ! it is very very bright in my opinion and not so much my style so i will be wearing it sparingly! got a ton of compliments the first time wearing it
Cute dress. can be worn with boots, flats, or heels. i am 5'1, 112 lbs, 34 b chest and i got this dress in size petite small. i am pear shape, with a bigger bottom, and love how dress enhances my shape! my style is more classic, but i really like this dress.
I was at first a bit leery of this dress because of the shape. baggy is in, but it's not always flattering. i am usually a big small-medium and the medium was too fluffy. i realize it's supposed to be loose, but not that loose. i'm 5'8" and 146 lbs and the small was the best option. perfect amount of looseness but still gave a hint of shape. it has pockets and is so comfortable. i'm a school teacher so i try to find clothes that i can wear in both worlds. this is definitely a keeper! i will for
This sweater has every special element i could want .... form fitting, feminine, and attention to detail. i ordered it in turquoise, which is a lovely muted turquoise that works well when dressed up or down with a cream cami. because i am petite, the fitted waist detail in back hits me just in the right spot. thank you, retailer, for another timeless addition to my collection of yours.
I've been wanting to try on this dress since it popped up online, we visited san francisco this weekend & i finally got my chance. it fit great & was flattering! i am currently pregnant & it worked with my growing belly but will also look good when i do not have a belly. i would definitely recommend! <3
Absolutely beautiful and well made. this pair of jeans is perfect, no flaws whatsoever. i usually wear size 27 but bought the 26 as it fits better. 27 is very slightly loose but i think it supposed to be like that for a boyfriend jeans. i prefer it nice and fitted, so 26 works better. i'm lucky to find them still available in the store while it's not online. i didn't hesitate to buy at full price, which i rarely did. i'm so in love with my new purchase. very happy!
Great style - can be dressed up or down.
Gorgeous! purchased in red; color is glowing if you have warm complexion/cool undertones.
This dress looks so plain on this model you'd never guess it looks so adorable on. i saw it as i walked into my local retailer and tried it on quickly over skinny jeans i was wearing with grey suede boots and it looked amazing! it's a perfect teacher dress. wear it over tights or jeans during colder weather, chunky sandals during warmer weather. it has side pockets i absolutely love. you must try it on to believe it. the fabric is soft and of great quality.
I had only planned to check out this dress at the store but ended up buying it then and there! not a deal breaker but there were extra threads hanging from some parts of the dress. it made me a bit concern that the stitching would unravel during wear. so far, so good! i wish they had paid more attention to little details like that.
I think these jeans are much better in person than on the picture. on the model they look a bit boxy and too loose for my taste. i am tall, slim/athletic and they fit like made for me in my usual size. they have some "give" and tend to get looser while you wear them, but because they are midrise they won't slide down. they are a slightly relaxed swlim fit on me. the demin is solid, the color a nice medium dark sky blue. the emobroidery and the beads are beautiful and look like they will hold up
These jeans are fantastic! i've worn them once and got many compliments. definitely keepers. i am 5'8" and weigh about 135. normally i wear a 29 but i sized down based on reviews to a 28. they fit perfectly at the start of the day, but as all jeans with a bit of stretch do, they get bigger as the day goes on, but because they're a boyfriend cut it all works. really happy with this purchase. my only regret is that i didn't get two pair.
I've been craving this dress in the brown pattern for a while and should have jumped the gun before the sale. so now i was left with size sp and i look like a fool--like i'm trying to wear a top from junior high and pass it off as a dress. my shoulders
I saw this dress on the cashier at retailer and had to order it. it is, as one of the reviewers said, like having two dresses in one. the bottom dress is a full dress, and the top lays over it, not quite skimming but not quite loose either. i love the dress as i am a pear shaped, size 14, and this helps to camouflage some bumps nicely. this dress reminds of the dresses some peasant women wear in rural countries.
I was doubtful when i first tried this on. the holding horses brand tends to not quite fit me very well, more so in dresses than tops. also, it looks cute but not great on the hanger. this a must-try-on dress. it's just flowy enough to not look sloppy or maternity, but also feel easy to wear. the print and cut are flattering. it has pockets!!!! also, the length is nice, close to knee length. the fabric is good quality. doesn't wrinkle easily. i'm surprised how quickly i fell in love with this dr
I saw this dress at my local retailer and passed it the first time. one week later, i stopped by and skimmed through the store and went back to the dress...and decided to try it on. boy oh boy! i grabbed a small and a medium (i usually wear a medium) and the small fit perfectly! the fabric is thick and feels so soft and nice. i love the pockets! worth the splurge and like the other reviewer said- it's not maternity like at all. i plan to wear it with brown boots or brown heels.
I saw this dress in the store window and had to try it on and it is perfect! it's lined, got pockets, can wash at home, and is a work appropriate length. it's cold in the northeast right now, so i'm wearing it with tights boots and a cardi. i really like that it isn't fitted, but is form flattering. overall win!
Better than a regular boring cardigan. goes with short sleeves and dresses!!
I noticed this dress in the highlighted area and then read the reviews. i probably wouldn't have thought much about it just scrolling through the dress pages, and now i'm so glad i bought it. i have worn this dress several times and never fail to get compliments on it. i know i will wear it again come next fall. i am petite, but ordered the regular and find that length to be perfect. i'm a teacher and this dress helps me maintain a classy yet modern look. i purchased the small (usually wear size
I love everything about this tee. it has wonderful detailing that makes it different from other tees. the fabric is soft, and the tee is very comfortable. i disagree with some of the other reviews about the colors. i actually love both colors. the red is a nice slightly brownish red. i wore that color with a pair of plaid (white, teal, & taupe) shorts, and i got compliments on my outfit. the color will go with more than one might think. i haven't worn the green one yet. i hope this tee comes bac
Is this dress ever flattering! i have seen many variations of this kind of dress-some where they will kris-cross over the breast area, some where they will have a single twist-but i never have seen one like this with a double twist and oh, what a difference it makes. i particularly love this in blue-which was a very bright royal color in-store. i am not very chesty, so the accenting in that area is very flattering on me and made me fall in love.
Love this sweater - very soft and can be dressy or casual.
This top was fun. casual with flair. it is a little strange that it is see through down to the stomach almost, but i would just wear a bra of the same color and don't think anyone would notice.  i didn't buy because even the sale price is too much for a casual tee, in my opinion.
I love this dress. as a taller, long-torsoed woman, the sleeves are long enough and the length is perfect. the overall fit is also quite flattering, but i can imagine it might not be if you're shorter.  the material is really lovely and luxurious-looking for jersey. it seems like it should wear well.  a great work-to-evening option, as well!
A sales associate handed these to me while i was trying other things on. i had never tried the hoxton before. i have found my perfect black jean! they are so comfortable and they don't stretch out like others i have tried.  i am 5'4 and i roll them a few times but i like that look. i am usually a 25 and that is what i took in these.
Paige denim has done it again with this version of the hoxton high rise. no matter how many times i tell myself that i will find a less expensive pair of jeans, i never can find jeans that fit as well and last as long as my paige jeans. this is a sleek pair of skinny jeans with the added benefit of being high waisted. as a mom who hates always having to worry about spilling over the top of my jeans (no matter how thin or fit you are, i'm sorry ladies, this problem is real!), the hoxton high rise
The blue dress is lovely, fit true to size and a good all around, comfy dress.
Super cute and simple shirt (as other reviewer said lol). but she was right! i have another shirt from this brand and it's one of my favorites. it runs true to size. it's a nice casual wear with jeans kind of shirt and great for fall. it may be a little short for someone with a long torso and/or tall as i'm only 5'2 and i wouldn't want it to be any shorter.
I saw this skirt in retailer several months ago and while it caught my eye, it was pricey. so i waited until it went on sale and pounced.  unfortunately i ordered a size 6 which is enroute.   i happened to stop by our local store today and decided to try on the 6 and ended up getting a size 4.  so i'll have to return the size 6 when it arrives.  i think it runs tts. i've lost alot of weight recently.   the colors are vibrant and it has a nice weight with some stretch in the fabric.  it's a
I saw this dress couple weeks ago and i really liked its color. the dress was ok untill i wore it. well. it's one of those dresses which are not great on hanger but great on you. well, the color is awesome, matches with other bright colors, mustard yellow, wine or black. the material is very thin so if you put size down it will fit but make sure that you see yourself in the mirror and see your back; i saw many ladies which put the dress which fits them but it does not fit the way it supposed to
Beautiful color and super comfy. it runs large but the gathers still allow for it to have shape on the top.
I paid full price for this cardigan and have not regretted purchase for one minute, having worn it almost every day this summer.  it is the perfect weight for cool summer evenings, seaside strolls, chilly restaurants, or  for a sunblock layer when you have to be outside.
Just bought this cardigan today. i'm already a fan of left of center and was happy with this piece. it's soft, has more interest to it than your average cardi. the sleeves are a bit long, but it's not a dealbreaker. i imagine it will be a great transitional piece from summer to fall and then for spring time.
This is a nice year round weight sweater.  i am thrilled with small details, true to retailer pieces.
I oot this dress in the blue. it fits great--hits at the knee, not too short or awkwardly long. i just wish they had it in short sleeve so i could wear one for the summer. beautiful and easy to wear for work or fun.
I love everything about this dress. beautiful vibrant color and fabric. i got the sp which is a perfect length for me to wear with the jasper & jeera nijar sandles. it is very flowy and full but i love that about it. happy i was able to snag a petite size but i think the regular would have been ok. i could have gotten away with an xs but the small fits great!
Love, love, love this piece! very flowy, but made of good material. glad i purchased this item!
I love, love this top! it's the perfect peplum tee! i would get more if this was offered in more color combos! the stripes add a cute effect to the tee and it's a perfect soft cotton. can't say enough about this one!
Beautiful cobalt blue dress. i wore it for christmas and had many compliments.
I love this top! i love the detail in the front and the v back. it's simple and sexy, easy to dress up or wear casually. i ordered an xs and found it to fit perfect, i'm 5'5" and 112lbs. i ordered the olive green color which i love. i don't typically wear red so that wasn't an option for me, i do wish it came in more colors!
Love this sweater. ordered white, size large. great light layer! the weave in the yarn is really pretty; the variations in texture have an almost burnout look. the silver buttons are unusual, really stand out and complement the overall look of the sweater. it has an uneven hem that drapes beautifully at the back and sides. great value on sale! one of those basics that everyone needs in their wardrobe.
Love bailey 44. this dress does not disappoint. the blue is beautiful and the fit is very flattering. the material is really soft and the dress is very comfortable.
Wish this site had "ask a question about the product" feature like amazon does. just wondering if anyone has seen this product in person to verify color? it looks orange but descriptor says red. would appreciate feedback. thank you for your help.
Better than the picture, right chest neck line not too low. comfortable material and the cut is just right. bought two in different color.
I bought this dress in blue. it's a light jersey material, but it is lined. i find it very flattering. i have found more occasions to wear it than i expected.
Lots of stretch in fabric so pants fit well. length is perfect for me. i'm almost 5ft 6 in and they hit at bottom of ankles with slightly extra fabric so flats, heels, or boots work great with these pants. i bought size 29 and i'm 135 lbs. colors in pants are beautiful. many different colored tops go well with them
I love wearing this dress and have had many compliments. it's a great color and a fabulous fit
I bought in white. great for a lightweight cover up. well made and cozy!
If you've been an retailer lover for awhile, you have at least one of the left of center thermals. every single year they come out with them and they are best sellers - so when i saw this is couldn't believe it!!! it's just like the left of center thermal shirt, but a cardigan! soft, warm but thin enough that it would be a perfect layer for the summer. be warned that this fabric does grow with wear. definitely size down a bit. the body is full and the sleeves are fitted. lots of stretch and very v
Super cute! very light and flowy. i ordered the black. packs well wasn't wrinkly when i took it out of the suitcase. i ordered the black. so happy with my purchase.
I recently purchased this dress and am so happy with it. the gathered area over the bust is visually interesting and isn't too revealing. the jersey material hangs beautifully. i also appreciate it being lined.
I own a couple of bailey 44 dresses and am a huge fan of their comfort and ability to flatter my figure. when i saw this one on a special promo, i knew i had to try it on. once i did, i knew it had to come home with me. i wore it to a work event last night and look forward to wearing it on a date night soon. i am a s or m and took a s in this dress. i went with cobalt and paired it with gold jewelry as in the photo.
I am a big pilcro fan. i have a really tough time finding pants that fit, are comfortable, and flattering all at once, and these didn't disappoint. the colors are beautiful and saturated, and just like they appear in the photos. i got my usual pilcro size, and the colors give me endless styling ideas. i also got them in the black and ivory print.
After reading reviews, i ordered a medium instead of a large even though i am typically a size 12. it was definitely the right decision. a very flattering dress in a beautiful color. if you order in the right size, it is not at all dowdy. it is forgiving in the belly area, which is great for me. it can be worn with tights or without tights, so really quite versatile. i am sure that i will wear it a lot. also, it is very comfortable.
I have trouble finding pants that are long enough and also narrow enough on my hips. these fit like a glove and never stretch out.
Super soft. pretty blue green color. packs super well for traveling.
I love this dress, it is so comfortable and elegant at the same time. i try to not buy dry clean only pieces, but i had to make an exception here!! perfect for early spring days.
I was really pleased with this skirt. the lightness of the fabric is nice and the colors matched the photos. i was initially concerned that it might be stiff and uncomfortable, but it feels like it has a bit of stretch and offers some good movement. sometimes retailer skirts seem to run small to me, but this fit perfectly in my regularl size.
This gathered jersey dress is beautiful and flows in just the right places, however it runs large! i normally wear a small in many retailer dresses, however i ordered an xs petite in this dress based on other reviews. i'm glad i did because it fits perfectly. the dress is very flattering in the bust...and the rest of the dress hangs and flows nicely. this can be dressed up (with statement jewelry) or down depending on the occasion. i'm happy with my purchase, so much so that i bought one in
I got the sweater in red, (i'd call it more orange). it's a bit of a baggy fit, not tight which i love. i feel like this will be a perfect cover up for cool summer evenings. i got a medium. i go between small and medium and i love the fit. i could have gotten a small, but i liked it looser, the buttons are special too.
The blouse is absolutely beautiful. i am 5' and the length is perfect. even though it fit a little snug across the chest, it's a keeper. i'll wear it open on the top with a nice cami underneath.
This is my third dress by this designer. i love his work. this will be the most versatile and classic of the three. i love how wearing his dresses makes me feel... my best and comfortable. unique and well made.
I love this dress but sadly for me it didn't look good on my body type. i'm a 36 dd and not thin so it made me look like a beached whale. i saw it on two different sales clerks in the stoe and they both looked adorable.
Not only is this dress incredibly comfortable, but it can be accessorized for any occasion. i jazzed it up for a wedding, but a cardigan and flats also makes it easy saturday perfect. only way this dress could be improved.... pockets.
Wonderful dress! thank you for making a fun and sassy dress that actually fits me! normally this sort of dress wouldn't fit, with it failing me in the bust, but it fit quite well. in most cases, i would end-up in a 12 petite to accommodate my bust, but with it then too large in the shoulders, or, the dress would have run so small, i wouldn't have been able to button it in most places. i was pleasantly surprised not only with the fit, but the quality, as well.  as described by other reviewers, it
Love this dress! i'm 5'4", 110 lbs. i ordered 2p. the dress is stretchy at all the right places and accentuates your curves. it's very well-made. i usually like loose fitting clothes, but i feel this dress needs to be snug but not tight. i tried 4p and it was just a bit loose. this dress is well-worth the price.
I received so many compliments on this dress. i purchased my usual size 12 and it fit fine. i agree with some other reviewers that i could have probably gone a size down for a more snug fit.
Beautiful dress and so delicately well made! 5'1" 95lb - xxs petite or the smallest size possible worked for me it accentuates one's curvy body and covers up any excess skin in the belly area. i could eat on freely at a formal occasion. words just cannot describe how beautiful this dress is.
Swing dresses can be so iffy but this one is fantastic! i sized down to an xs due to the chest area (i'm usually a s/6 up top 36b) and it fits perfectly. the dress is so comfortable and stylish without feeling like you're wearing a tent. this is the most i've ever spent on a casual dress and it is worth ever penny. could not be more happy with my purchase.
Amazing dress! i'm a pear shape, and this dress is a very complimentary cut for me. it's also not too short. the color print on the dress are amazing. i'm very happy!
I tried it on while out of town. i was concerned about getting it home but i kept thinking about it. i purchased it online once i got home. the colors are beautiful. it's a swing dress with quite a bit of "swing". this is perfect for me because i'm sensitive about my mid section. i wore mine with 3.5in brown sandals. my husband said i had "legs for days". i'll take that as a great compliment. i usually wear a medium but could have worn the small in this dress. i preferred the medium because it w
Simply put, this dress will make you feel like joan from mad men (in all the best ways). amazingly form-fitting and impeccably constructed, like you imagine clothes used to be. it's true there are hook & eye closures between each button from about the waist up; yes they are a bit tedious, but they're essential to the flawless, gapless fit of this button-up style. i'm 5'4" 120-125# and got the 2p based on reading every single review posted. it's a *tinge* tight but i'm very happy with it and the
I am currently wearing this dress. i wear it whenever i can get away with it. i have it in red and it works incredible on my coloring. the front is modest enough for work while the back is sweet and unexpected.
I love this dress. i get so many compliments from strangers every time i where it. must buy.
Looks better in person than the pictures online. very soft and comfortable. if you are between sizes, size down. it is roomy with a lot of material that drapes in the front. just know that this sweater is short in the back and does not cover your backside.
I very rarely buy at full price but had to have this on and it is worth it.  i sized down and fits great. tons of compliments!
Bought as a gift. really soft and cozy. i am sure she will love it!
I absolutely love this product! it is so versatile and i can wear it up or dress it down. absolutely perfect paired with leggings to sit in classes all day :)
I've been looking for the right swing dress for a long time and this one is perfect. one of my favorite features is the design at the hem of the dress (it looks even better in person!). the material is a thicker, almost canvas-y type of fabric, which i love because it makes the dress feel higher quality to me. i love how comfortable the dress is and it's so easy to throw it on and look amazing. i tried on two sizes at two different stores and received compliments from staff and customers both ti
This is a fantastic dress! i wore it for a recent wedding and received many compliments. the fit is phenomenal; the dress is extremely comfortable and flattering. i am full-figured and it fit beautifully and was very true to size. this dress would look good on an 18 year old or a 70 year old!
This is one of the most special dresses i have ever owned -- and i am kind of a dress person. this one has beautiful detailing -- sheer sleeves, but the bodice and bottom half are lined. fits beautifully -- i am a little busty, so i was worried about all the buttons in the front not buttoning or popping open, but in addition to the buttons there are hidden hooks to ensure it stays closed, which is unusual and a reflection of the quality of the dress. i am 5'6" and the length was just right, abou
I do love this dress. i wore it for my 20th anniversary party and received numerous compliments. it's great for embracing your curves. it has a wonderful "vintage-made-modern" flair that classic retailer pieces always have. you do have to be careful when wearing it...jewelry or belts may snag the intricate lacework. i am definitely the type of shopper who waits for a sale. this is one of the few pieces i felt i could splurge on. it is just that unique. i hope that retailer continues to carry these t
The top of this dress is very flattering. there is a lot of fabric on the bottom half of dress. if you want something which hugs curves ,this is not it. however, one of the things i like about this dress is, it can be dressed up or down. i wore to a wedding and got several compliments. very comfortable
Super cute! no complaints! fun print! light weight soft material!
The moment i saw this, i knew i had to try it on. it's a definite power dress - made me feel like marvel's agent carter! i could take over the world in this dress. planning to wear it to work, more casually, and as my holiday party dress. it's easy to dress up or down and is incredibly comfortable.
Saw this on line and bought right away! perfect romper for summer- color is great and fabric is soft- like all cloth and stone chambray. it fits pretty true to size, maybe a little small when putting on, but i think it will stretch out a little. i didn't want it baggy. fits great through hips and booty looks good! i will wear with flip flops, sandals, or wedge. i also got 15% off which made deal even better!
I love the fit of this dress! the fabric is thick and the shape of it is so adorable. i usually don't like bright colors, but i got it in red and it's just so charming. can't wait to wear it out!
Just received and tried it on right away. really flattering fit and comfortable! unusual neckline that you can wear plain or accessorize. i'm so happy i decided to take a chance on this one!
This dress ladies is simply amazing and perfect!!!
This dress is absolutely fantastic. beautiful, high-quality, and fits like a glove. even better than i could have imagined.
Tried it on at the local store today, it is very pretty! i believe i runs large. i am usually a small, but they only had an xs and it fit perfectly. it is made of thick linen and has a lining.
I absolutely love this dress. it is very body conscious, but has some "give" to it. the sleeves and lines are beautiful. very well constructed... sexy without being overtly so. i find it very elegant
This sweater runs oversized; very soft and comfortable and colors are spot on for fall. love the sleeve length.
The pictures don't do this justice. it's so beautiful on. drapes incredibly. the cream color is a warm, creamy bright off white. looks really nice. incredibly comfortable. i could see this being an excellent item to wear on planes. super cozy and chic. a must have.
I absolutely love this dress. i am 5'0 and 167 pounds and the extra large was way too big. the large was perfect. the fabric is substantial but the fit is loose and swingy so it is good for the atlanta heat and humidity. i want to wear this every day.
I **love** this dress. it's definitely an investment, but well worth the price! i get so many compliments on it every time i wear it, and it can definitely be dressed up or down for casual or formal events.
I tried this dress in store and was in love immediately! i had to special order a petite size, but fits wonderfully. for me, ran a little large. i'm 5'2" and 105 and ended up with a petite xxs and it fits great!
Beautiful skirt, love the colors. so glad i bought this. runs a little big
When i saw this dress online - it was a must have. i preordered immediately and had my fingers crossed that i'd get it! thankfully it did! this dress has blown me away. it exceeds all expectations!!! i ordered an xl which is a normal size for me and i'm glad i did! the body is very swingy but the top is true to size. the print is magical. whimsical, bold,  bohemian and transitional into every single season. i am 5'8 and the dress hits just above my knees. i feel gorgeous in it. the "woven cotton
When i saw this i had to have it! i was pleasantly surprised that i was actually able to go down a size (normally a l for the bust) but was able to get into the medium with some room across the chest. it drapes nicely and the inner liner is not tight but flows along with the dress. so many compliments each time i wear it!
Oh how i love this dress! i was worried because i am very busty and sometimes that translated to looking pregnant in swing dresses, but this.... incredible! i am wearing it with either blue strappy sandals or red heels and it is quite the perfect summer dress! the material is thick, and feels elegant, the colors are vibrant. today is my first day wearing it, and i have already received 4 compliments! no kidding! wonderful! maeve clothing... i love you!
Was enchanted by this dress from the moment i saw it online. i was able to find it at my local retailer
This dress is beautiful. it is tts, but since it is so flowy, is not form fitting. i am petite (5'4" 115lbs) and this is a lot of dress for a shorter/smaller person. if it were less flowy, i would keep it. the design, material and overall product is, however, amazing! this dress would be a beautiful addition to any closet.
This is an amazing dress! it did stretch out a little, so although i got the large, i probably could've gotten the medium. beautiful feel, fully lined, on the really hot days, this is what i grab and i stay cool all day. i get so many compliments on this dress! the colors are gorgeous!
I love this dress. the colors are eye catching. if flows nicely.
I loved the look of this dress online, and it's everything i hoped and more in person. i'm 5'10", 155# and pear-shaped. while the bottom of this dress is voluminous, it definitely did not have a pregnant fit on my body shape. the length was absolutely perfect, it wasn't scratchy in the least. i got compliments on the dress all day long. wore with a pair of cowboy boots while wine tasting in napa.
I'm obsessed with this dress.  it's so pretty and love that it has a lining.  i'm 5'1" and got a small, i had dry cleaner take it in from the sides so i didn't look swallowed up in dress and now it's perfect.  still has the swing but not as bulky.   can't wait to wear it out!
This dress is beautiful and i received so many compliments. it's form fitting but comfortable. it is just the right mix of classy and sexy. you can easily dress it up for a formal occasion or keep it simple. i am 5'6", 150lb with an athletic build and a size 8 fit perfectly. i will be wearing this dress for years to come.
I ordered this beautiful sweater skirt in petite because i'm too short (5'3") for the asymmetrical hemline. i love the geometric pattern on this skirt and the gold flecked waistband. and the light sweater material make this a perfect skirt for my california fall/winter.
Heavy in weight but not uncomfortable to wear because it's fully lined and has an easy fit that skims without looking like a potato sack! fits a little large but mainly tts. if you're between sizes, then i would size down, unless you're very blessed from the waist down. i am a m/l on top and s/m on bottom and bought the medium. it's a relaxed dress (like a shift suppose to be) that i can wear a turtleneck under without feeling stuffed.
When i saw another shopper holding up this dress for assessment in my local retailer store, i knew i had to have it! i bought it in the red color and it is gorgeous. the fit was perfect...very flattering style. it can be dressed up or down depending on shoes and jewelry, or boots and a scarf! the detail of the scalloped v in the back is a beautiful addition. perfect for the holidays or even dinner out with friends! beautiful dress!
Perfect for summer nights. makes any outfit that much special!
This dress is magical. i wore it to a christmas party and felt like the belle of the ball. my dress swirled around me as i spun on the dance floor. later, i spilled a tequila-ginger all over the front. i was devastated, but it almost instantly dried and there are no stains!!! you can't even tell i spilled! it is hand-washable, which is great as well! i am 4'11 and 100lbs. the xxsp fit like a glove.  highly recommend! any other dress would have been ruined but this one was literally magical.
This dress is even better in person! the attention to detail and craftsmanship are amazing. i received compliments all night from total strangers.
This skirt is perfect! it just pulls on and lays nice and smooth. the fabric is soft and just the right thickness and stretch. i wore it with black tights and knee high boots for new year's eve and had many compliments! it runs a tad big. i am about 130lb and the small fits great although a tad larger than i would have expected. i assume it might srink in the wash a little anyway. my new favorite!
I just bought this dress today and i'm in love! i can't wait for the wedding i am wearing it to so i can wear it to other fun things too! looks even more amazing in heels.
Ordered this dress and still haven't recieved it, but went to my local store today and tried it on in the size i ordered. it was too big. and now i can't get it in my size. so that stinks! quality was good and the dress was comfortable with stretch. i know in going to have to return it once it comes!
This sweater is a dream come true for me. when i first spotted it during the 40% off sale, i didn't place my order in time to receive one. but then it came back a few weeks later, and i snatched one up! needless to say, the disappointment and wait was well worth it.  the material is incredibly soft, the fit is just about right (i'm a size xs at retailer, without fail, and this was probably the snuggest fit out of all the tops i have).  a few other reviews says that it runs big because of all the e
Love everything about this dress! it's true to size , flows nicely, great quality. it's just amazing.
This dress is beautiful - the pictures do not do it justice. i love the fabric and overall feel of the dress - light and airy. i have very broad shoulders and i did not feel like it look good on me so i am sending it back. too bad for me! i think the dress is perfect for weddings, parties and even everyday wear.
The fabric of this dress is absolutely gorgeous from the design to the colors. i usually wear a size large in most retailer clothing, but i ordered this is l and xl because these dresses tend to disappear fast in the larger sizes. i ended up keeping the xl cause the buttons pulled across the chest on the l. this dress has a slim cut, and i would say if you have a small bust and are slender, this runs true to size. if you have a larger chest, size up because this is the type of dress you want to fl
I wore this dress to a baby shower. it fit nicely and i received many compliments. i liked the weight, it flowed while walking and it was quite sweet.
Love this dress. purchased in white. runs true to size. made well.
Walked in intending to purchase another jacket and ended up leaving with this one. the color is advertised as grey, but it's actually more like a light mocha. the slightly darker fabric on the side and around the waist accentuated my curves and i believe it would help give the illusion of an hourglass figure to those who are more straight and slender. i generally wear a size 12 and m or l size tops depending on the designer. i purchased the l in this case because that's all that was available at
I love this top but make sure to size down! i am usually a small in blouses and the size s was like a tent! returned for an xs. overall, the fabric is a great quality and the colors are stunning. the orange isn't too harsh. a keeper for sure!
I like the warm neutral color of this piece and the figure-skimming shape with waist definition. it is a soft and warm layering piece. sadly, the sleeves were too long for me and have long zippers at the cuffs so rolling them up didn't work. i wish i had caught this piece while they still had my size in petite!
Love this top. ..especially the back. the back makes the whole top.
This dress is gorgeous! the store only had a size 12, so i am waiting for my size 8 to arrive. very pretty navy color.  super cute. love all the embroidery detail. my niece is getting married in june and i can't wait to wear it!. i normally wear a 6 or 8. judging by the fit, i think the 8 will be perfect.
This is a really unique jacket. the suede-like darker fabric is so soft and brings great character to the jacket. i love the neutral color and the fit is true to size. the only minor complaint i have is that the band at the bottom of the jacket flares out a little, making it wider and a little odd looking. but i have learned to ignore this because all of the other features are so awesome! would recommend.
I'm always scared of rompers because of my height and long legs. but this one was perfect. it didn't ride up or hit in a weird spot on the hips. it's very flattering.
This top is absolutely gorgeous! it fits true to size to slightly large. i'd say size down if you are between sizes. it has a nice weight to it - not too heavy, but for a winter season top - it is not too thin. colors are as pictured. i can pair this with black pants or with skinny jeans. it is a top that i will wear for years to come.
I love this jumpsuit! i ordered it unsure, but i am so glad i did! it is super comfy and fit perfectly. i loved the length...can dress up or down. it is super flattering as well as i am curvy on the bottom and was told i looked "trim". my mom, friends, and complete strangers complimented me when i wore this...and that's when you know you scored.
Ordered this online in a petite 4. (i'm 5'3"/130#). fits very nicely but for the amount of fabric this dress has (3 layers total), i think a 2p will be a better choice and not look as full, maybe a little more fitted, which will be more attractive at the top on me.  however, the detailing on the dress is really beautiful and high quality. the dress has quite a bit of weight to it with the top swingy layer, a tulle like layer for shape and then the sheath like slip. the colors are all very dark
Love this striped top! it's perfect to throw on with black skinnies and a denim jacket or long grey cardigan. it also pairs well with camel. it is super soft. runs big imo, even though other reviewers said small. like most bordeaux, i took an xs, whereas i wear a small in most other retailer brands. similar to the photo, although much looser on me.
This jacket has been a fun addition to my wardrobe. it has a very cute fit, and i like that it pulls in a bit at the sides to give it a form fitted look. best of all it stretches well despite the form fit; you can cross your arms or raise them up and you don't feel like your movement is restricted. i really like the soft suede-like material on the inside of the arms and the sides of the jacket. it fits true to size. can be worn casual or dressed up a bit. highly recommend!
I'm seriously in awe of this fun dress! the beading, fuzzy flowers and embroidery on the peachy dress make me very happy. it's nice to wear by itself with a simple necklace but i love it more with my cropped jackets--my dark denim for a casual air or the tailored tuxedo black for date night! like others have said, this dress has many layers and is surprisingly heavy. definitely not for hot humid weather or i'd melt and cry.    thank you so much to the reviewer who advised sizing up for the ar
Stunning, beautiful, elegant, comfortable and all silk!  the print is very mesmerizing, as are all the hemant & nandita pieces i own.  i'm shocked that there aren't more reviews.  i found this fit perfectly on my body, skimming over my flaws and keeping my temperature moderate.  i am 5'3" 140# 39-28-35 and purchased size mp.  please retailer, offer the other versions of this dress as shown on the uk retailer site.
I love this with skinny jeans! it is comfortable and soft. it fits well.
Can be dressed up or down. details are pretty without being gaudy. i got an 00p which fits well - i can wear it with a belt to give it some shape too. love it!
This is such a cute jumper! i bought it to wear to a beach wedding. i took a chance trying on a medium (i'm a true large) and was pleasantly surprised by how well it fit! very excited to add this to my spring/summer repertoire!
I am 5'4, so i feel i'm on the cusp of petite/regular sizing. i ordered 2p, (about 125-130lbs), and the dress fit perfectly. it's so pretty (i got blue), i ordered this for my upcoming trip for our anniversary...i feel like i can wear with sandals or heels, with leggings or no leggings. beautifully made. kind of pricey, but worth it.
I received tons of compliments on this adorable jumper and felt like i was wearing comfy pajamas. i wore it to a baby shower and it was a hit. i'm 5'4" and it was a bit long and needed to be hemmed, otherwise it's perfect!
I originally ordered this top in the black and it's been on back order for a month. i decided to go ahead and try the wine and i am so glad that i did!  the fit is flattering with a longer peplum to accommodate my long torso, the fabric is a nice mid weight with a very subtle brocade  pattern. the back of the neck has a classic zipper detail. the bell sleeves are not too long and the color is gorgeous for fall/winter. i highly recommend this top for all body types.
I just bought this dress on the half off sale price which is practically a steal and i must say i absolutely adore it! it runs pretty tts but all they had available was one size up from my usual 6 so i bought the 8 and it fits just fine (34d-27-35). the color is beautiful and the look of the dress is very vintage 30's/40's and so cute. i didn't find the sleeves to stick out at all on me so maybe i just got lucky and the print is just adorable on this. i highly recommend!
This top fits great. maybe a tad on the large side but not enough to go down a size. i love the fit. the bell sleeves and peplum are so flattering. definitely worth the price too!
I am loving these new leggings and i dont even surf. i just wear them to the gym and at home and to run errands with a cute tunic top etc... they make me feel sunny and happy :) fabric is light and flexible but stays in place (went running in them) size is accurate, i am usually a 2 on retailer pants/skirts, 27 on jeans, and the small was perfect.
I love wearing my boatneck pullover. the unique part of this item is the back with buttons. the shirts appears to be inside out, however, its not. its soft, comfortable, stylish and warm. i really like how it's longer in the back.
These pants are very comfortable i love putting my phone and wallet in the front big pocket so cool the linen is soft fits great the tie dye is very unique love it!
Fit and flare, pullover style that can easily be dressed up or down. wish other colors were available online!
I absolutely adore peplum tops, although some of them are made for individuals with short torsos. this one is beautifully designed with a long torso and flowing wrists. there is a nice balance between the fitted torso and then the flowing peplum and sleeves. the best thing of all is the fabric, which is a stretchy mid-weight jacquard. it is easy to get on, with a zipper in the back. i am sure i will get a lot of use out of this as the weather turns cooler and i plan on pairing it with pencil ski
Tried it on at the store. (must of been a return) at first i wasn't thrilled with this dress.. have a little bit of a pouch and would never think i could wear a tight dress like this. the cut was perfect for that imperfect belly. went to a 5 hour dinner that night and was so comfortable. not itchy and i felt very pretty in it. husband loved it and was happy for me to show my curves again. would not of ordered this online, so glad it was in store. much more vibrant in person . try it you will lik
I am not a fan of sweater dresses and did not pay attention to this one when looking at it on-line. however, it immediately caught my attention in a store, i decided to put it on and the dress looked amazing. soft, warm, skin hugging material, long skinny sleeves and more importantly, i looked amazing in this dress.i think colors are more vibrant, design is more lively in person than in picture. i am 5'10'' 145lb, so i loved that intricate dress pattern, broken lines in front made me not look li
Very pleased with this vibrant and colorful sweater dress. the color combinations are very beautiful and it seems as if the threads used have an inherent shimmer. the fit is body skimming without highlighting trouble spots. i am a m/l on top and a s/m on bottom and the size medium fits perfectly. the cut adds the illusion of proportion to my disproportionate body. there are some problems but workable: slip is sewn-in which i wish was detachable; the scoop neck is too low for my 36ddd bust; weave
Lightweight, soft cotton top and shorts. i think it's meant to be a beach cover-up but i'm wearing it as a thin, light-weight summer outfit on these hot hot days. the top has a loose elastic around the bottom which i didn't realize when i ordered it, but i like it and it matches the look in the photos. and the shorts are very low-cut - don't expect them up around your waist. again, i like that. some might want to wear a cami underneath because it's a thin cotton but i'm fine as-is. i bought it i
I got the shirt, the cami, and the shorts and they are all great. super comfortable fabric, really well made, and really cute. love them all!
Love the fit and feel of these. and super stylish too. i want in more colors if i can get it.
I love this peasant top! i didn't expect it to be made from such nice fabric. usually, i have to wear a camisole under a lot of retailer tops, but not this one! i bought a petite xs and if fits perfectly. thank you to retailer for selling petite clothes.
I just purchased this at my local retailer..the online pix does not do it justice! so pretty & delicate..casual, comfortable fitting..hits right at the hips...
These run so small!! i was dissapointed with having to return my pair. i'm hoping they are replenished back in stock so i can get the proper size.
I ordered both the black & the dark grey, the dark grey arrived first! they are very comfortable & flattering! there is a nice thigh slimming effect. i purchased the size small, regular length & they hit me at my ankle (5,5", 130lbs), i can't wait for the second pair to arrive!
I've been looking for the right leggings that are of good quality, thick enough to feel appropriately covered, and a good price point - these are those leggings! need more!
I'd describe these as a hybrid pant/legging. they are very comfortable flattering, and versatile. i got the large because medium was sold out, but they fit nice, not super tight.
A whim of a purchase on a tops sale. i spotted the black, but went for the mauve. it's great in person, fits loosely and hangs nicely for layering. i will buy the black too when in goes on sale. 5'5", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame, and the small was perfect (and every a little roomy) on me.
Great fabric.  nice legging, substantial fabric, more structured than a typical legging.
Originally ordered a large but it was huge. the medium fit perfectly. i'm 165lbs, 5'7". lovely material and interesting side details. the sides do come up quite high but a camo or tank underneath does the trick. lots of compliments!!
This blouse is gorgeous on i purchased at my local store i noticed it was $29.99 + 30% = $21.00 omg it's so nice on it's soft and comfortable and the gold threading make it sunning it does run a little small in the chest area
This shirt is a very cute dressed up casual kind of top. the lace detail in the front and the back make a plain, long sleeve black top look elegant. the material on the shirt is pretty light, so it is for fall or spring.
Love this top. the material is so comfy yet it looks dressy. great for a night out with black pants or a skirt. i'm 5ft8inches, 38-27-38 and a small fit perfectly which seems true to retailer sizing. flattering yet hides a little post holiday belly. i wore a nude rackerback bra with the top, and that works perfectly with the design.
Great pair of black pants, a step up from basic leggings. nice weight and a little ribbed detail on the sides. would recommend.
This is the little black dress i've been looking for for years -- great slim fit (runs small -- i usually get sized out but the 00 was a snug fit), eye-catching design. like the other reviewer, i think solid black panels rather than floral brocade would have been classier, but overall a chic dress.
Perfect fit, nice detailing best feature is that they do not bag out after wearing for a short time. good lines in back so they are more dressy than a regular legging.
I love this top, the details at the neck and shoulders are lovely, both front and back. it's also very comfortable and soft, allowing you look nicely dressed while feeling like you are wearing a soft tee-shirt. the sleeves are a good length with some elastic at the cuffs so you can push them up. sadly, it's sold out in in my size online and in the stores, otherwise i would certainly snap it up at the sale price.
They are a perfect thickness. fits comfortably like leggings but look like a nice pair of office/ outside pant. got them in the grey, am thrilled w the texture. i typically wear a large in pants and they are tts. not see through either. would definitely recommend them.
All the colors are beautiful, the white is a true white. i got the gray one. it runs large, so i would recommend sizing down, unless you plan on layering using thicker fabrics underneath.
I love design of this top! it will look beautiful on many body types. the black material is thin, and for my personal level of comfort i will definitely wear a cami under. the details are gorgeous and the neutral colors easy to combine with casual or dressy bottoms. the top ran true to size for me.
This shirt is so stunning. the photo does this shirt no justice. what you can't see from the image are the tiny gold threads that are woven throughout the shirt. they run vertically.and are very subtle and seen only up close. so pretty. also the detail in the chest area is perfect. i love this shirt.
For an athro top, this is a good price point, especially for such a beautiful piece. it's really just a basic tee, but the lace insets bring it up several notches. and it's much prettier than the picture shows. i think it fits very true to size -- i'm normally a size small and got that size with this (34d, 124 lbs., 5'4", 36-26-35.). although the lace is very sheer, i really couldn't see my nude bra through it, so don't feel i'll need a cami, because that would ruin the delicate design of this.
I think this is the first peasant top i've found that doesn't fit like a tent! i did size down to a small, although i'm normally between small and medium. i even found that the shape of this top is quite flattering. maybe the darker embroidery helps. i'm very happy with this purchase.
Soooooo cute. fit like a dream. look like regular pants. could dress up or dress down. i bought the grey and the slight herringbone pattern was so adorable. going to buy in the black as well. normally wear size 4-6 got the small and fits perfect.
Love this piece! lots of versatility and the pattern is lovely. wear it alone or with leggings and boots.
I bought this top for my mom for christmas. i wasn't sure if she would like it, but it is really nice in person and she loved it. it fit true to size and can be dressed down, as it is on the model, or dressed up. i am so glad i decided to get this top. highly recommend.
I love this shirt. wore it today and got many compliments. i bought the mauve (looks lilac to me). it's very comfy and long. its got a lovely swing feel which is great for covering my baby belly.
This is perfection in the color sky. get you one now. you will not regret it. it is super soft and flattering!
Probably the most comfortable jeans i have ever owned. they are more comfortable even than yoga leggings. they look and fit like real jeans while feeling like loungewear. i have nothing negative to say about them.
This dress is as cute as represented in the picture. the adjustable ties on the sides allow your dress to be form fitting or a looser, more casual look. the colors of the dress and the beading are beautiful. the dress looks great paired with a pair of black ankle boots!
Awesome fabric, wonderfully flattering cut. love the blue and green colors.
I live in blue jeans - and i'm extremely particular about style, fit, and fabric. an eternal fan of ag, i tried these on the recommendation of a sales association. in the past week - i've dressed them up, dressed them down, and wished i could wear them to work! the wash is an especially versatile shade of indigo. incredibly flattering fit. if you're going to splurge on one essential this season...these paige jeans are definitely a candidate.
This is a beautiful dress. i love the bohemian style and flow. works well with dressing up or dressing down. very quality.
I have two pair of these jeans. one at the original length for heels and one hemmed for flats. i'm ordering another pair because i wear them constantly.
So easy to put on for a casual day!  washes great!
I saw this online yesterday and i was in the store today to try it on. i assumed it would look average or below average on me and i could just walk away no problem. by no means am i in the financial bracket to be spending this much money on a jumpsuit, yet here i am at home wearing it as i write this review. it is surprisingly flattering. i am 5 feet tall and have a petite frame so wide leg pants never work on me, but this somehow did without making me look bulky. given my height, it comes to ab
I received this coat as a 30th birthday present from my mother and i have to say, this is the best present she has ever bought me. the inside of the jacket is the softest sheerling i've felt and is pure bliss to wear around town. the coat is actually a lot warmer then i expected, which i'm not going to complain about. the print is lovely and i appreciate the faux leather edge on the cuffs, giving it a more finished look. the fit is fantastic. i'm a bit curvy and the cinched waist with the belt g
I'm in love. the cut, fit, and fabric of this jean have made it my favorite, everyday pair. they're mostly rayon, followed by equal parts polyester and cotton with a touch of spandex thrown in: the right combination for fit, softness, and durability. these hold their shape well, so i don't have to wash them every other time i wear them. the ankle length hits me at the top of my ankle bone. perfect. i'm 5'6", 125 pounds. ordered size 27.
I've been shopping with retailer over 10 years and this is my first review. i almost didn't order after reading negative reviews from petite ladies. i'm 5' 2" and these jeans are perfection! they look amazing with a 2-3 inch heel. i don't think they are meant to wear with flats since petite people look ridiculous in flats with boot cut or wide leg anyway. love these!
I ordered this dress online in 8 p in the orange color. the length was perfect but the dress seemed big. it was a lot of dress. so i went into the store and tried on a regular 6, but the dress was a little long. they didn&#39;t have petite in stock so they had it shipped to me and it fit perfectly! i am 5&#39;3 and 150 pounds. i don&#39;t think this dress would work if you have a big bust, i&#39;m a 36b so it fits nicely around the chest area. the length of the dress was also perfect!
Classy tunic can be worn with jeans or leggings. neckline is small but stretches so it goes on easily. color is perfect for spring. my only word of caution.....the design can add a bit of bulk around the middle so probably not your best bet if you are tummy conscious.
My favorite shirt!!! i wear it when i don't want to be in the sun too long, it has breathable material in the armpit. i loved so much ordered in other colors. i wish they would make in more colors!
Really pretty color, light, breathable fabric and i love the high neck on this tunic! i wear this tunic with black leggings, a black tank and black sandals. i'm not the smallest girl so i love that this tunic is a bit longer and has a bit of a belt. wonderful pick up!
This looks awesome with leggings / jeggings and booties or slip ons. great buy. its a wee big, but there are slits up the sides pretty high.
I absolutely love this jacket! it's one of the best things i've bought this season. the interior is so unbelievably soft. i just want to wrap myself in it with nothing but a tank top on underneath so i can really feel the texture against my skin. the fit is beautiful, as is the pattern. it's even better in person than in the photo. it is pricey, but for the longevity and pleasure that i can imagine myself getting out of it, it's well worth it.
Adorable skirt! thought it would be snug so ordered up, but had to send back and re-order in normal size. fits perfect. found it to be slimming on the backside, yay! :) this will be a wardrobe staple for many years to come!
In the fall, i purchased every single color of the left of center swing top. long sleeve, great colors and very easy to wear. when i saw these, i swooned. these are very similar knit to the left of center, but the swing is bigger and the linen insets on the side make this easy top even more beautiful! these run true to size...basically you are only fitting your arms and chest. this top will definitely has a little give with wear, which will just add to the shape and effortlessness. the linen ins
I love this shirt - beautiful casual wear, great with jeans!
Highly recommend these jeans! they are ultra-soft and fit your body like a dream. the wash is flattering on them as well. i was looking for a pair of jeans to be my go to and ultimately landed on these. they do runa little big but they do not stretch out much so i went with my usual size.
I have received several compliments when wearing this sweater. perfect to dress up or dress down. purchased it in black and red. does run on large. i am 5'3" roughly 110 lbs ordered an xs.
Side slit goes up far when seated so beware, wear on a non bloated day ;) but very comfy and unforced sexified wore it with a fluffy sweater, lots of looks
Hi , i bought these in moss for both of my daughters. they love them. the material is substantial and washes beautifully. the fit is straight up and down and is not forgiving on figure flaws. i would recommend this to a thin figured girl.
This is such a pretty top. i do not feel it runs big, as another review mentioned. to fit the sleeves comfortably (i do not have large arms at all) i did choose to take a small over my usual xs so the body is a bit llonger than shown on the model (a bit more of a tunic fit on me). it is really a pretty top either way, the xs fitting like it does in the picture on the model and the s fitting a bit longer. worried just a bit that it might develop holes as some tissue tees do.
I'm in love with this print! the fabric feels wonderful- this is such a perfect transition dress! the adjustable waist tie makes the dress fit great!
These are literally the most comfortable and the softest jeans i have ever owned. i just got them a few weeks ago and i'm already obsessed with them. they have the perfect amount of stretch that makes them flattering and comfortable but they don't stretch out like all my other jeans do. i ordered my usual size 28 and they fit great! can't recommend these enough!
I love everything about this tunic dress. it's versatile and can be styled a few ways: loose like a shift, blouson when cinched, or eliminate the liner and wear as a layer over whatever you want. all the little details make it stand out and give it a glamorous bohemian vibe. there are tiny beads, sequins and subtle micro pleating. the fabric is airy and quite delicate (be careful.) the drawstrings at the waist are adjustable for both sides. slip is tts and the outer dress has a subtle oversize d
If you already own at least one of the four versions of the morning glory dress, then you will know what size of the canna swing dress to buy. sleeves are slightly full with button closures. slip is tts and the outer dress is huge! easy to cinch if you want a fit & flare style. just know what you like--complainers about how baggy this dress is are forewarned. those who really want to size down are slim/slender/petite types. if you don't want to wear the tent-like swing style, size down one or tw
Just received yesterday & i love this skirt! it's crazy soft, very flow-y and the higher slits on each side let it be more sexy than hippie-looking which i appreciate. great to pair with a funky pair of tights underneath. sits nicely on your body - hugs your curves.  only annoyance is it's a bit awkward to walk in as the material moves around your legs & gets caught a bit. you definitely have to be conscious of it as you walk.  i bought a m in gray which fit perfectly (i'm 5'9" & usually a 6). t
This tunic is true to size, i ordered the xxs as i am 5'5", 110 lbs. it fit perfectly and hit me about 4 inches above the knee. similar to model photo (i have long torso). it has a very sparingly done cluster of sparkle sequence. the draw string waist has a tie on each side to adjust length. i actually returned it only because it seemed a little to young a look for me. i was sorry to do so.
I tell everyone i know to try these jeans, that they are so worth the price tag. i've been an ag super fan for years, but i fell in love with paige the moment i tried these on. (i still love ag for their colored and patterned ankle denim and cords.) i have worn these over 50 times without ever having to wash them. (i never understood the idea that you're not supposed to wash denim, but now i realize that it's feasible.) they don't stretch out and still hug me like a second skin - without feeling
This is a very sexy skirt. very slimming...a great basic long skirt to have in your wardrobe. dress it up or down. the slits are high, so you are exposed like a short shirt.
These paige skinny jeans are lightweight, snug, super soft and extremely flexible allowing for tons of movement. great for dressing up or down and a great addition to any ladies closet.
This color is gorgeous. this could be dressed up or down. great buy!
These are very cute but very, very stiff. have washed 3x and still not relaxing. not a bad thing but they are a little uncomfortable the first hour of wear. my waist is smaller and generally, have gap in waist to get fit right in hips. super cute with sandals, mules, duck boots.
As a dancer and yoga enthusiast i have tried my fair share of leggings. these are probably the best i've ever found. pure + good makes top quality, well fitting leggings that do not slide down, shift around, or become see-through regardless of the physicality of your movement. they breathe wonderfully and have survived one washing with no ill-effects. they are high enough in the rise that i never have to worry about revealing anything i don't want, nor do i constantly have to adjust them to keep
My new favorite cozy and stylish "go-to" piece for everything from park with the kiddos to mat class to impromptu financial meetings.
This jacket is stylish and unique. love the lines and the fit is very flattering.coral is a bit more orange/dk. peach than what i think of as typical coral. fun color for spring. i sized up from my typical s to m.
Love this tank! it's super soft and has a lovely drape. i got 3 colors on sale and am so glad i did!
The peach color is beautiful on this jacket, and the quality and comfort is perfect. i wear a medium and the sizing was spot-on. i may get in another color if a sale comes around again.
Super soft and stylish. it's a major step up from my overly casual fleece jackets. love it. i think the sizing is dead on so i would disagree with a review that it runs small. i'm 5'10 and 142lbs. typically wear a size s, but sometimes have to size up to a m. i got a s. fits great. not too tight. sleeves are plenty long enough. i typically wear this with skinny jeans to work (aka grad school), and i like that it functions as a jacket on chilly mornings, but its not too bulky so i can keep it on
I ordered the xxs, i think retailer has gone on the bigger size again and i went from small to xs to xxs... so true to size in that sense. i love the color (nude), and it is pretty soft and comfortable. the cut is flattering, the cowl neck is pretty, the sleeves are shorter, and the hem is wider (aka swing). this would look totally adorable with my flare or wide leg jeans. i think ti would look nice too with skinnies, if you have leaner legs.  (for reference, 30dd, 26.5 in waist, 115 lbs)
This is what i'd been looking for without even knowing it! it's long without being too long, and most importantly - its soft, not scratchy the way so many winter clothes can be. i wasn't sure if i should order the small or the medium so i went with the medium, and it fits great. the weave is just slightly wide, but not to the point where you have to wear a cami or tee underneath, but the fit is loose enough that you can, if you want to for added warmth. i really like it.
The shirt fits true to size. the length of the top is great: not too short (won't show your midrift when you raise your arms) not too long (this is a shirt not a dress). this is a great top for a casual day in jeans or a flirty day with skirt to dress it up.
This dress is one of a kind! i saw it on sale and immediately snatched it for a very reasonable price. i could not be happier. i've already had the chance to wear it at an event and felt like miss mary from downton abby. very classy and elegant.
This top is gorgeous in person! i'm in love with it! it's perfect for the holiday season. it runs a little big and long so i suggest going down a size for a more tailored fit.
Love, love, love! wish i had gotten this in every color. the absolute most perfect tank with just the right amount of flow. i am 5'3 with 34d chest and the medium is great.
Great jacket for a cool morning. not too heavy and i found it to run true to size. nice little details.
This tank is wonderful for those with full hips because it hangs just right to cover any flaws. the colors are bright and the material is soft. there is a band at the end that elevates the tank so you can wear it out if you would like. not too low in the front and overall the tank runs true to size. i suppose if you wanted a tighter fit you could size down 1 size, but i like the way it hangs in my regular size. i'm very busty and hippy and this top makes both look slim. highly recommend.
I just got it in the mail and i love it! very versatile piece. wear with skinny jeans and heels or tucked into a skirt. i usually wear a size small but went with what the other review said about a small being tailored and got the medium so i could tuck the front into jeans. i am 5'5" ,125lbs , a 32dd and wear a size 4 or 27 in jeans.
I bought this tank to wear with the pilcro linen wide leg pants in navy. what a great outfit! this tank is very flowy, but not overly large, and hangs beautifully over pants. it's casual, yet can be worn under a nice sweater or jacket and look great. i bought the white and had no issues with transparency when i wore a nude colored bra. i bought it in s and could've gone with an xs but didn't want it to be tight. i'm going back to my local retailer store today to buy it in at least one other color.
Had the same inconsistent sizing issue in coral as miss janeausten. i ordered 2 corals, one in s & one in xs & the s was very much smaller than the xs as i could barely get my arms into the s (while my arms were loose in the xs). keeping the "larger than s" xs coral - the color is just lovely. also ordered the ivory in both ps & pm & keeping the pm as i like the longer arm length to cover my hands (for sun protection when i want/need). because you can cinch the waist tightly, a looser jacket sti
I am 5'4", 170lbs, 34dd and a medium fits beautifully in this top. the mint green is very pretty, and a nude bra under it works without showing and without it being see-thru. it is super soft and pretty, and doesn't cling. i love it!
I just received them (blue) and wore them today. i got so many compliments! they are comfy and very flattering. i would not call the fabric cheap at all. it is super soft and washes and wears nicely. i ordered the medium and they fit perfectly, even though i am on the large side of medium. i'm ordering the other color right now!
I purchased both the coral and cream. the coral is more rustic than vibrant and to me, more orange than a true coral. but for summer, is probably super cute. i found this ran large. for reference, i am 5'8'' 128lbs and purchased a small, my usual size in retailer. i kept the small in the cream but if i were to keep the coral, i would have sized down to xs. you can adjust a little, but the arms were loose and coral didn't look as good if not fitted. super cute with jeans and a tee, with yoga pants,
I'm: 34a, 125 lbs, 5'8" purchased: small  jacket fits well and is not too heavy. didn't feel tight in the arms. great to wear on a cool spring day! i bought the white and grey jacket.
This is a great shirt but it was big for its size. i'm also short so maybe the petite size would have fit me better
This caught my eye in the store last week, and i decided to try it on. it's the perfect lightweight jacket. the photos here show it as activewear, but i think the details on it allow it to be much more versatile. it's very flattering and i found it to run true to size.
I ordered the orange color too. these are perfect for throwing on over workout clothes and then running errands.
Great top, lately i've been sizing down from my usual xs to xxs with pure & good tops, but in this one the xs was best. i bought this in 3 colors and they're my go to tanks for summer. the mint is a bit sheer, but not bad. i did not get try the yellow or white one.
This is the perfect simple tank for summer. not clingy, and hangs really nicely, but not so billowy that you can't layer a nice wrap or cardigan over it. fabric feels like a great quality. i got it in white, and it's a bit sheer, but i typically layer my tanks anyway. tempted to get this in every color!
Love this tank. it's nice and loose and looks great with all kinds of bottoms. it's very forgiving if you have a midsection. it's soft, and great colors. really nice for spring casual looks.
Bought this in the turquoise color and it is awesome. for those worried about it being see-through, i'm wearing a black bra and you can't see it. it's the perfect weight. super bummed that the green is sold out but may check in stores.
The colors are beautiful
I bought this on sale and at the sale price it is a steal. great style, feel, and fit. maybe wouldn't feel as good about it at full price, but wish i had one is every color!
I ordered both the green and the pink and needed the extra extra small petite in the shirt to make it work for me   nice light material cute fit   unfortunately didn't like the pink color was too bright for me  ( and although i ordered an extra extra small petite they sent me an extra small petite which is just slightly too big )and saw the mango in the store which i also didn't like the color
I first got the coral one and was so in love with it that i ended up getting the other colors. it's just so cute, flattering, so cute with a long necklace and i just love how the back dips down and covers your butt. i've been heavily contemplating getting a second coral one i'm so worried if something happens to it lol i'm weird like that. it's always the good stuff that can't be replaced
This product is perfect for early fall wear. when the weather is a little cooler a shell worn under it will be fabulous
I'm 5'5 130 lbs and tried this on a small at my store and then ordered it in a small petite. i like the petite better even though there isn't much of a difference, the petite is about 28 inches long. it still covers the bum but i was hoping to wear it with shorts and i think it's too long for that. i love the beautiful coral color, received a compliment on the color the first time i wore it. the quality is superb. the only downside is i don't like the way it looks when zipped, it doesn't give mu
I am so glad that i ordered this top. it is kind of shimmering and looks so pretty in person! it is nicely lined and i love the sweetheart shape at the front. i am 5'2", 34b, broad shoulder, ordered size s and m, and they both fit quite nicely. the size s is more like a trailered fit on me, while the size m gives more room for my arms and shoulder, also extra length that i can tuck it in my low-raise demin. i ended up keeping size m since i like my tops to fit a bit more flowy. i can see myself
I live in a hot and humid climate so this tank is perfect for everyday use. you can dress it up or down and the lightweight material keeps you cool. i bought it in 2 colors and may go back for more. i wish i would have found them sooner.
I just received this jacket in the cream color. it is so cute! you can change it from 3/4 to full length sleeves. i ordered both an xs and s and kept the s after i saw that i could cinch the waist to fit better. in the picture it looks a bit boxier than it really is possibly because not cinched. the material is good quality and the jacket is complete with attention to detail from the buttons to the jean contrast pull on the zipper. i love this jacket! it is a good cross over from athletic to cas
I'm glad i listened to my instincts once again regarding maeve maxidress. the stretchiness of this knit jersey fabric allows me to comfortably size down from my usual medium/large since the fabric relaxes so much as you wear it. i adore the color, pattern, slim profile and cut in arm holes. wearing this makes my short self feel statuesque and sofisticated.
So pretty & comfortable! love it!
I have several of these tanks from last year and bought new colors this year. i have found the fit to be easy and relaxed, but not baggy. they are very flattering. i wear them thru the fall and winter as layering pieces under sweaters and flannel shirts as well. i was them in cold water, delicate cycle, hang to dry and they are good to go. they have held up well - even the ones that are 2+ years old are still going strong with no holes or tears.
The uniqueness of this top caught my eye online. i normally wld not want a long sleeve top in the summer. a bit warm to wear outside now but i like the casual but unique style of it. it's a top i can wear now but only indoors with a/c. the regular small fits fine. a little oversized & sleeves a little long - as in the pic. the color/style/detaling is exactly as in the pic - no surprises. soft & comfy. a little opaque but a nude bra will work fine. i don't see the need for a tank/cami under it. i
I bough this top in blue and i really like the color , style and fabric. i also bough the necklace as styled in the photo and they look well together. it's a departure from more tailored clothing for me.  i keep on trying linen tops and up to now, this seems the best cut for linen. as the fabric stretches, it will still fall nicely.
I ordered the moss green color. i love it! the color is really cool, the length is longer, and the fabric is soft. great summer option!
Ordered online in white, just received it, love i! i wear m in most clothing, size 6 dress, jacket fits perfectly. would love one in the peach color shown in the pic but from the reviews stating it is much deeper in colour decided against it.
I thought i would need a medium in this top, but it was sold out so i crossed my fingers on a small. it fits very well, much like it fits on the model.. loose and length is good ( and i am not as slender as that model!). i am 5'6", 140 lbs). the sweetheart neckline dips a little more than i would like in the front....but i will figure that out. the top is really unique and i love the shimmery dots.
Love everything about this top.  the ruffles give the top a great edgy style.  will look great with some skinny jeans and boots.
Love! this tank?everyone should own it in every color?it is soft, has a great shape, and is super cute. it goes great with so many of the pants/shorts from retailer as well. summer staple for sure.
Great weekend toss around piece or with gym clothes.  the cut is flattering, yet not tight.  i purchased in 2 colos  b/c i liked it so much and was looking for a piece like this for a very long time! cute with yoga legging, jeans, sweats etc.
Beautiful color, gorgeous chic design and great material
I'm barely 5'4" and rarely find a maxi that isn't far too long or the other extreme. i prefer mine to just barely reach the ground as opposed to rising 5 inches from the floor for example. this one is perfect with flat sandals. i tried on the 4 and chuckled b/c it was 6" too long. tried on the 2 and not only was it the perfect length, the bodice fit like a glove. i would say i'm average bust size, always fluctuating but not generally flat-chested. i prefer more conservative sleeveless dresses an
Love this dress !!
I really loved the dress in the picture. it is really nice quality. unfortunately it was really long. i am 5'4 and it was about 8 inches too long. hemming it would have ruined the details of the dress. they were backordered on petites in my size ,so, i just returned it.
Lovely material and the white is like a milky white which i love. it hangs beautifully, irons well and fits great. i am 5'-6, an a cup, 150 lbs and ordered the small. i've already received a lot of compliments on it.
Just received this in the mail, and i love it! the fit is wide and flowy, but i wouldn't say it runs large... i don't think i could have sized down in the shoulders. perfect easy, breezy fall top. cannot wait to wear it!
Purchased the cream color in my local store. it looks great with jeans or leggings. i've worn it with a bright cami underneath with a couple of buttons open and it looked really cute too. it is very comfortable, runs big, but it's meant to not be fitted. the addition of pockets, (that don't stick out), makes me love it even more! i will be wearing this from fall to spring. great design, retailer!!!
This shirt is just precious! i cannot wait to pair it with a pair of white skinny jeans and wedges in the spring. i'm so in love with it. the detail is just beautiful.
I ordered this online with fingers crossed, in my usual size m. it fits well, albeit a tad snug (although very flattering on my curvy frame). it is an unusual color for me, but i ended up loving it in person where you can really appreciate all the detailed woven patterns in the fabric. there is a slip underneath which ends several inches above the hem.
I am an retailer employee. i immediately fell in love with this dress. i tried it on and it was way to long, as always with regular store sizes...i am short 5'0". i wanted to order but it was backordered for about a month, i ordered it anyway. my husband and i took a mini vacation to chicago over easter weekend and in the miracle mile store they had the dress in my petite size. i was in heaven as they had an awesome petite area in the store there. i purchased a 2 petite which is the size i
I love this top! i actually didn't read the reviews prior and ordered a small. the retailer tag on mine says small, but the tag in the shirt is xs. it does run large, so the mix-up was fine by me. the style of the shirt is meant to be loose and light. i love it.
I think this blouse looks better in real life than it does on line and i'm glad i decided to try it on. i bought an extra small in the red which i think is the best color. the white looks like a nightgown. too bad there were not more darker fall prints because i would have bought more than one. i think this style would look best on someone that is tall and thin. a petite person might get away with turning it into a dress. i would buy a longer version of this . as it is it is a fun, feminine casu
I love this dress! it flatters so nicely. i'm 5'3 and pretty thin. it hugs all my curves snugly.
Love this top. purchased for family photos and i think it's great. personally i don't think the model shot is doing it justice - it's much prettier in person. runs true to size for retailer. i am a 34d and i purchased a small.
This tunic is perfection! this tunic will be perfect with jeans or leggings and can be dressed up or be worn casual. it does run big. i am normally a medium/large in shirts and took a medium with room to spare. i probably could have worn a small too, but smalls tend to be tight on my shoulders. this is a must buy!
I am petite, 5'2, and i ordered the xxsp, i think it is so adorable on and looks great with skinny/slim pants or leggings. i do not think it runs that large, it is suppose to be loose and flowy and it looks on me exactly how it looks on the model. i got the gray print and it is quite pretty.
Great top for all seasons. hides imperfections, flatters hourglass shapes. and great thickness/weight to fabric. i'm wearing it to a concert with skinny moto jeans and booties! side zip is excellent feature and great quality.
I love this tunic. purchased the dark orange in medium (i am 5'9 and 140 lbs). tried the small and almost kept it but i felt seams around my arm pits a tad, so went with the medium and glad i did - this top should be comfortable. feels very fall and perfect for casual get-togethers and running around town. only comment is that it is rayon... and for me anyway rayon doesn't wash too well - so we shall see how this one fairs.
I bought this in a large, i'm normally an xl. it is a very large on the bottom. i really like that style so the extra fabric was good. i tried on the white and orange. the white is sheer and i didn't like the fabric as much. the orange way really cute though!
Was surprised by the cute factor and great fit. the fabric is soft, it flows perfectly and isn't too long. it covers my rear. no gapping at the chest and i'm large busted. i got a large. the shirt is black and the florals in the pattern are a soft muted white. those little balls are small and more noticeable from the back. looks great under a jean jacket!
I bought two of these in xs. i am 5'11 and 150lbs. i started with the size small but that was to big, so down to a size xs and that was perfect. the color ivory/white is really nice, is not see through (i wear nude bras) and it goes with everything. i also didn't see any loose strings falling out of it like another reviewer said...quality material. the burnt orange is really nice too, perfect for fall. love the pockets. just make sure you size down one or two. i am usually a size medium to a lar
I love this dress! i'm 5'5", and it's just long enough to be dramatic and graze my feet without dragging on the ground with flat sandals. the print is lovely and the beading is subtle. as some have mentioned, the neck is high. it's definitely noticeable, but i didn't find it uncomfortable.
Very different. i love the unique design and it is appropriate for various settings .
This is an awesome shirt! gorgeous quality and design. can be dressed up or down! it runs slightly large i ordered a small. i would still order a small but if you are trying to decide between a small and an extra small i would get the extra small.
My store got this great tunic in white and i loved it so much. perfect tunic length, swingy, detailed...but as soon as i saw the orange option i knew i had to wait for it. i just got it and im in love! the orange print is so lovely. the perfect fall color and the print is timeless. the fabric is light and easy. the fit is definitely bigger, but i usually wear a l or xl in retailer tops and i preferred the xl. i have a lot of curves so i love a top that has some room, but i needed the xl for room i
Great fit, wonderfully made, and priced just right.
I bought the silvery blue tunic. it is very light grey with a hint of blue. it is so shapely - coverage without being boxy or maternity-like. it covers your bum perfectly and looks great with a dark pair of skinny jeans. the color can really take you through autumn, winter and even spring depending on where you live. i love the sleeve length, too.
I just received this dress and i'm glad i read previous reviews and ordered a size up. i normally wear an xs or s and ordered a medium it fits perfectly. the color is beautiful and the dress is unique. can't wait to find a special event to wear it.
This top is exactly as pictured and the fit is perfect. the knit is a nice quality and the embroidery is striking. i can't wait to wear it. it will look great with skinny jeans.
Gorgeous dress, soft + silky material, and flattering on most body types. best purchase i've made at retailer in a long time, i get compliments every time i wear it!
Love, love, love this top!!!  love the ruffled tiers at the bottom.  love the longer length. the top does indeed run large.  normally i'm between a medium and small but bought the xs.  love the pockets.  the orange color seems like a nicer fabric, and is versatile with both jeans and leggings.
I was headed out of my local retailer store when i spotted this beauty! i had been looking for a dress/tunic like this for some time. i got the lovely soft grey/white combo and it is lovely on. normally an xl in tops from retailer the large in this holding horses tunic fit perfect! also a note for women with bigger arms and shoulders this should work well for you as this is usually a problem for me and not the case with this piece! easily dresses up or down, both jeans and leggings work well
What a beautiful dress! a size 2 fit me perfectly- 5'5 120lbs. i have a small ribcage so it works on me but it might be too tight for someone with a larger one. the fabric is of amazing quality and i was so glad to see there is a liner under the skirt. the top has some delicate beading which looks great but i am concerned it will fall off at some point. i have found that retailer clothing tends to have loose buttons and beading. i have not washed it yet so i am hoping it holds up. otherwise, i am
I feel so lucky to have caught this as a popback--this dress is killer! it's casual style and simple design can be found at other retailers, but the quality and details and fit can only be made by retailer and dolan. it's body skimming but lined so it doesn't cling to flaws, the knit itself is substantial and it's a mockneck, not a turtleneck. i would say this dress runs small because i usually buy medium and this fit in a large. because of weight and lining, this is a spring and early fall dress
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it in the catalog and was so bummed to see it on backorder online until may! i went to my local store and they had it in stock so i immediately tried it on. i'm not usually a big fan of maxi dresses but this dress is so pretty and the quality is amazing! the fabric is light and airy but not too delicate and the subtle beading on the top adds an extra special touch. the waist is a little high (it's similar to the picture online) but i'm also 5'10 so it mi
This looks sooooo much better on, than on the hanger/in the picture. i bought the grey, and it is the most comfortable tunic i've ever worn. it is light, airy, and so easy to wear. i wish it came in more prints/colors, cause i'd buy another one, in a skinny minute! if you don't try this on, you're missing out on a surprisingly awesome wardrobe piece. you can wear it year-round with jeans, pants, a vest, wrap, scarves, leggings, boots, sandals or anything else, and it looks chic and whimsical. go
Love this maxi! gorgeous print, flowy and romantic. in my opinion runs a bit tight in the chest- i sized up from my usual 6 to an 8 and it was perfect. i am 5'7" and it was floor length without tripping me up. looks great on darker skin. i am on the fair side (winter skin!) and the beige color down the middle looked flesh-toned and washed me out a bit, but with a tan this dress will be perfect!
If you love the boho style then this too is for you. it is very pretty and pairs well with skinny jeans, leggings, sandals, boots, and booties.  i bought it in the orange color which is more of a burnt orange which is perfect for fall. it does run big which is the style so you could size down and still have room to hide flaws. for reference i'm 5'3 and bought the pm but needed the ps. i have recievied tons of compliments and i'm thinking of getting the silver one too!
I love this tunic.  it is so comfortable and looks great with leggings and boots.  perfect fall look.
I was looking for a layering piece to go over leggings or skinny jean to cover my backside. i really like this swingy top. i agree that it does run large but i was looking for something flowy so i love it. the cream is a litttle more sheer than i expected so i'm wearing a cami underneath. maybe being taller 5' 8" helps it not seem so much like a tent. well made and just what i thought it would be from the website model photo. (i used a 20% coupon so help easy the pain of the price of this top -
I visited my local retailer store to purchase a dress and left with two of these tunics.( i love browsing the retailer store, its a feast for my senses)the pavin buttyondown tunics are much more appealing in person.all three feel different due to their color and pattern. to me the burned orange feels like country and fall, the pastel grey one feels spring like and more elegant and the white one feels like summer. they all look very cute on.i did size down and still got the oversize flowing look.this
I love this poncho! it is flattering (who would have thought i would use that word in the same sentence as a poncho?) and offers enough room for warm clothes underneath.  it is stiffer and thicker than i had originally anticipated, and the material is somewhat itchy so i would recommend long sleeves and clothes with more covering underneath.
Nice, thick material. cream has lining underneath which i appreciated so that it's not sheer in the light.  flattering design
I saw this dress and i thought it would be perfect for that night that you don't feel like wearing just jeans yet you don't want to be overdressed. the dress is 100% cotton and is extremely comfortable. i paired with an open toe wide heeled bootie and a long necklace. the dress has a slight a line bottom but fits close to the body in chest and arms. extremely flattering for all body types and the color is a pretty blue. a dress for all seasons!!!!
Yes, it runs a little large - i usually get a s or m in tops, but for this i bought a s. i am 5'2", 130 lbs, and i did not get the petite- i feel like the regular hits me at the same area as the model in picture. i went into retailer looking for a dress, and walked out with this vest too - had to have. versatile, stylish, pockets, good quality!
Love these pants - they are a perfect color, are of a good weight (i sometimes worry that light-colored pants are going to be see through), and fit wonderfully. they are true to size and are narrow down the leg - perfect for flats, boots, booties, or sandals for summer!
I bought these about a month ago in the sky blue - gorgeous color! i was a little disappointed because they fit bigger than i normally wear my pants, but i decided to keep them anyway. they are the most comfortable pants i've ever worn - butter soft. i have dressed them up with a nice top and suede booties, and also worn casual with a baggy sweater and toms. i highly recommend these pants!
Found this randomly in the store (online return) and didn't expect to like it but tried it on and fell in love with it. extremely comfortable dress, but also has a unique/special design that makes you feel great wearing it. will be perfect to wear out when don't want to look too dressed up or like trying too hard.
I fell in love with this poncho at first sight. the colors are neutral so it can be worn with a lot. i'm a typical m and it does run large so i went with a s and it's perfect. long enough to cover leggings and great for the in between seasons. i've worn it at least five times since purchase and get compliments every time.
I love ag jeans and these are fabulous! i can't say enough about how well ag jeans fit and hold up over time. i have several pair. i purchased the royal blue color in the store. they held their shape all day and were super comfy. i decided to purchased two more pairs with the online sale because i know i will be wearing these for a long time.
I love how the white and beige were not see through and actually very forgiving to people with cellulite. love love the fit. highly recommend. i'm always a 30 but in these i even fit into the 29. i would say if you're in between, size down. i love the fit so much that i got the beige and white. highly recommend. hit at my ankle for me at 5'6
I'm super happy with this dress! it's extremely well made, very light and comfortable and the shoulder cutouts are tastefully done. this dress is cotton but doesn't look cheap or too casual; it's one of those rare finds that will look great dressed up or down. this will absolutely work across seasons, with leggings and boots/booties or bare legs and sandals when spring comes around. i do feel like it runs a little large, but again it's 100% cotton so i know there will be some shrinking when wash
Got this poncho for christmas and loved it the moment i got it out of the box!! great quality and looks great cant go wrong with this purchase.
I absolutely love ag stevie ankle jeans and own them in three different colors. i'm on the shorter side, so in terms of length i'm able to wear them as regular jeans. the fabric is comfy and stretchy and the range of colors is great for wardrobe diversity and mixing and matching! this particular style is my absolute favorite. although ag jeans are on the pricier side, after i bought my first pair i was a convert. as opposed to other brands, i find that they are a worthwhile investment. as other
I am 5'3 and weigh around 150 and the medium fit me perfectly, hit me just below the knee cap. it's cotton/linen but not as prone to wrinkles as i thought it would be. it's double lined, made from a quality fabric. thicker but still very much breathable. will see how this holds up in kansas city's 95 degree summers but so far mid-80's it's been just fine. i'd definitely recommend this skirt. the only thing that this skirt is missing is pockets!
This vest is a great fall item. the asymmetrical design and unusual buttons really give it interest even though it is black. you could wear it open or closed, both look cute. appears to be high quality.
I noticed half of the reviews on here were from women with a slim/straight and/or petite figure. fit-and-flare dresses simply will not work for you; it's the entire purpose behind the "flare" shape at the hip. it will be too large for women without wider hips. ------------------------- that said, i found this perfect for me in every way. after having a baby, it's hard to find a dress that fits my more curvy shape where most of my weight fell on the hips and bust. i wish this dress was a tad long
Cute colored jeans.  ordered the sky color & when it arrived,  the color was a medium moss green color.  the color was beautiful but was expecting a light blue so sadly i returned them.
I love these jeans! you can dress them up or down.
