Oh elevenses, i love your pants..the fabrics, the details, the length. i've found elevenses to be classic work pants. reliable, professional, well made. these are none of those things. the cardinal trousers are thin and the rise feels much higher that's it appears in the picture. the red pair are thin, stretchy and cheap. both pairs have to go back. i'm truly sad.
I loved this blouse when i got it and wore it before washing. it fit really well and was flattering. the only time i laundered it i hand- washed it in cold water and hung it to dry. the blouse shrunk at least a full size and in awkward places. the sleeves are now tight and way too short. the overall length shortened by at least 2 inches. the top is so tight in the bust now that the buttons popped open. i'm very disappointed and surprised.i will be returning it as it is unwearable as is.
I wish i had read all the reviews before purchasing. the sweater looked liked everything i would be interested in online. once i pulled it out of the bag, my first thought was how could retailer send me a used, washed and shrunken sweater. it is nothing like the picture. it fits like a midriff top, not exaggerating. i'm 5.6, ordered the m, don't waste your shipping money on this.
The beadwork is gorgeous, but the sleeves are so puffy, it looks as though you're wearing shoulder pads. the fabric of the shirt isn't that fabulous either.
Cute and very soft, but the elastic wasn't sewn in right. i took them out of the wash and the waistband was a twisted mess. disappointing for more expensive loungewear.
Cute skirt but i agree with the other reviewer. you can't get it on! i tried my skinny daughter tried no go!
I was excited to receive this top. it looked great online, vibrant colors with the beautiful detail on the sleeves. when i tried it on, the fabric looked and felt cheap. it is not a flowy top. do not recommend it.
This is quite an odd dress. it does wrap and is beautiful material. however, the dress does not close at all in the chest area. i thought perhaps it was meant to be a kimono. it will go back for sure.
I love the way these shorts fit and look; very comfy, but after laundering one time, the lavender color became blotchy. used regular detergent in gentle cycle and it looks like someone poured bleach on them in random areas & they are unwearable! i have several colors, but the only color that was a problem is the lavender. $58 for one wear was a waste. i hate to leave negative feedback, but be careful with laundering.
No. this is one of the most unflattering things i've ever put on my body. i'm a very well-proportioned hourglass - i tend to wear a small despite a booty and 36d chest - this made me look huge. don't do it.
I loved this shirt until the first time i washed it. it shrunk so much it became unwearable. when i returned it the salesperson said she had also bought this shirt and the same thing happened.
Loved the look, fit and styling of this turtleneck. but dry clean only, you have to be kidding?
I bought these on sale and they quickly went back. i was very disappointed after reading the reviews. i thought for sure these would be a winner. however, i was sadly mistaken. i ordered another pair of jeans, the same, from a different brand. these were way too small while my others were too large. they didn't live up to my expectation and were still rather long. even though i bought these on sale, i was not happy with the quality.
I purchased this swimsuit in the mint. gorgeous color combination. i'm 5'5" and weigh 117 lbs. i purchased a small. the fit is true to size. i love the front design; however, my husband promptly brought the back of the swimsuit to my attention. the chevron was off center. the design should have been centered with my back; however, it was on the right side of my back. i immediately called retailer assuming the product was defective. the item was sold out on line; however, a supervisor was able to l
I am 5 6' and 130 pounds and ordered this in an xs. the sweater is enormous. the material is also scratchy and not soft at all. i'm disappointed with retailer's sizing this year. i've had to return a # of xs items because they are huge. really disappointing.
I wanted this dress so much, i ordered it twice. both times the zipper was defective--it would get stuck midway up, at the waistline--so i had to send it back (there isn't an retailer in my area). this is a shame because it's got great colors and looks flattering on, and i was looking forward to pairing it with a cardigan/boots for fall. i even thought about taking it to a seamstress to have the zipper replaced, but the cost didn't seem worth it. too bad, as it seems like it would be a nice
Beautiful fabric with soft drape. unfortunately the "captain kangaroo" pockets are awful. unless you have a straight up and down shape with no hips this is very unflattering. the pockets look like saddle bags and add a huge amount of fabric where most people don't want added bulk. very disappointing. returned.
I do not understand all the great reviews but that goes to show everyone likes different things! the jacket looks great in the pictures but in person, it just looks awful! gray is one of my favorite colors but this color is so drab and the material looks old and worn. it definitely has a grunge look to it and overall, it is just a wrinkly mess. another reviewer said it looks like old clothes and i have to agree. it looks very shabby. it also reminds me of those smocks they have at the hair salon
I was really excited for this jacket to arrive but it's going back. because the fabric is coated, it does not drape or hang nicely at all. i expected it to be boxy but it sticks out so oddly in every direction that it looks horrible. i'm usually an xs and ordered an xs and it looks ridiculous on me.
I read the cleaning instructions label carefully. followed them closely. and still, the dye ran and stained some of my colored clothes. pi**ed me off! just after the first wash and even before wearing them, i have streaks of uneven color on the pants. bad quality material or dye is what causes this. now i have to go and see if i can even get out my other stained clothes. thanks a lot retailer.
I was interested in this sweater because i actually thought it was a tunic. the sweater is much shorter than i thought. i wish i could return it. i bought a size large which is my normal size.
Really well made. beautiful. sadly it is very short. not a tunic at all.
I have been looking for a nice, white tunic and i should have known when i saw this was one size fits all. maybe because i am petite (5'2") but there was so much material hanging everywhere that it made me look even shorter and fat. who wants that? so sending it back.
I'm not sure why this dress is getting great reviews. the plunging neckline is ridiculous and ran down to the underwire of my bra and the slit up the side came up to the upper part of my thigh. it was one of the worst fitting/cut dresses i've every tried on at retailer. i'm 5'4 125. maybe you have to be 6 feet tall and 90 pounds for this dress to not look like a bad renaissance faire costume.
I tried this dress on in store. i loved it online, but in person....not so much. it looked and felt like a cheap halloween costume. the fabric was bad. really bad.. the mustard color was beautiful.... boo
Material is too thin and quality is poor
I would really like this dress if the material were a little thicker. it's really thin so you can see my nipples straight through the dress. you can't wear a bra with it because it is backless so i don't understand how you are supposed to wear this outside of the house.
Recently received this and was very disappointed with the quality. the fabric was very thin, easily stretched out of shape. price is ridiculous for this item!
I saw this top online and ordered immediately! i loved the color, lace, and unique details. sadly it just arrived and it is a disaster! the lace is stiff and doesn't lay softly, and is very rough against your skin. the style ( and i like shorter style tops) is extremely boxy and the sleeves protrude outwards in a funny way.,..... that although i am so in love with this color, i would be embarrassed to wear this top in public. it could have been fantastic, if the lace was softer, and some a
This is an adorable basic & i should have been wearing it once a week this summer, but instead the fabric developed noticeable holes after the very first wear. this brand makes some of the softest, cutest tees, but unfortunately more often than not are unwearable after the first or second wash. i wash on gentle & hang dry. not worth the cost.
I ordered the taupe version of this tee, which was a medium brown with black stripes. the fabric felt itchy and rough, and was pretty sheer for not being light colored. i didn't care for the fit, which was extremely boxy and wide; from the picture, i expected an a-line fit, but not a wide drop with webbed underarms. i ordered 2 sizes, and could have worn the smaller if i'd kept this tee. it runs on the larger side. what astounded me most was that both tees i ordered were sewn with completely cro
I really liked this shirt the one time i got to wear it...but when i washed it, according to the directions on the tag, it shrunk! a lot! the sleeves are now too tight, and it is much shorter. thinking about returning it to the store, but in any case, i cannot wear it again.
I ordered these because of the side zipper, but they zip in front, even though the order listing and bag label called them "wine, side zip pants." they were also at least two sizes larger than marked and very flimsy material. what bothers me is that i was charged $5.95 to send them back, even though the product description (and the name before someone changed it on the website) were wrong.
Really wanted to luv this top buttt it ran small in arm length & in the front, bottom...backside was perfect coverage...also most important this top is see-through! item as pictured is not accurate!
I'm baffled why none of the other reviewers have mentioned how large these pants are. i ordered the petite small, and i'm always a small. these are huge. i felt like i had on a large. i like the thin material and color, and i'm sad that they are so large.
When i returned this the salesperson asked what was wrong w it bc it keeps being returned. i got the black w the white collar/cuffs. i thought it was terribly itchy material (which could be remedied w a shirt underneath) but the white collar part was such a dull ugly white-dirty color. maybe the other colors are better?
This is a very soft and comfortable jacket but it has holes in the pocket area. it was returned to the store and the other jackets had the same problem although not in the same area. the store was considering pulling the product off their shelves. it is unclear if the holes are just the beginning of a pocket or what. but it was flawed by everyone who looked at it.
This is adorable but if it truly has to be dry-cleaned that is deal killer
I ordered a size small. i am 5'7" size 6 and the dress was a mini on me! way shorter than on the taller model. the stomach and hips gaped out from my body yet the waist was cut way too high, so the dress was both too small and too big! very odd fit. the material is soft, thick, stretchy and has a textured pattern which i liked. this one is going back.
I thought these were gorgeous and was going to buy them although the price was a bit high. in fact, two separate women came up to me as i was walking around the store and asked where i got the pants because the colors are so vivid. however, as we were looking at the items, we noticed that both the green and the blue both had several small holes in them due to stitching quality, as the previous reviewer noted. therefore, none of us purchased the pants.  the staff at the store were very helpful
I ordered this dress in the green color. the dress did not look like the picture. i returned the dress since it looked like something to wear to a farm barnyard dance. i returned the dress.
I loved this dress. it runs small (i'm normally a 2) so i had to get a 4. in the fitting room, the zippers got stuck a lot. i assumed it was just from the way the waist was sewn in. finally i found a dress that would zip pretty well.   i went to put on this dress for my rehearsal dinner the night before my wedding. my fiance and i tried in vain for 20 minutes to try to zip it up... and then it broke. the part that was zipped became unzipped and the zipper had no where to go. it was awful. i co
I bought this online so didn't realize that the fabric at the bottom is very, very stiff. i was expecting something silky, or at least on the softer and more moveable side. the best description i can think of is an overly starched mens dress shirt. that being the case, it kind of juts out in weird places. the sweater part is very nice, but it is somewhat closer fitting than what it seems in the picture. the fabric bottom is too ample for the slimmer design of the sweater which just adds to the o
My conscience screamed at me not to buy this sweater and i wish i had listened! i noted the fact that it was acrylic and also the fact that it was oversized. but i also loved the design and can't resist anything with mustard yellow. i was instantly disappointed when i received it, almost didn't even try it on. how can they possibly charge $185 for terrible itchy 80's acrylic? it looks cheap, it feels cheap and it didn't even fit well. only redeeming quality: easily returnable!
Loved this dress when i tried it on in the store and thought it would be perfect for a casual wedding. unfortunately, the day of the wedding the zipper split and i had to wear something else. it fit well, but was poorly made. based off other reviews, this isn't the first time this has happened with this dress! not worth the risk at all.
This dress looks and feels cheap. the white material is stiff and does not iron nicely. the grey sweater is super thin and very cheap looking. overall, a pretty horrible dress. save your money,
I'm usually a fan of maeve, but this dress is just bad. the fabric is thin and filmy, and it stretches to sheer over your chest. the turtleneck is neither tight nor loose, it just droops in a most unfortunate way.
This dress is so cute! i went to the store to try it on and although i knew the dress would fit i could not get the zipper up. my mom, the sales lady and i all tried to get the zipper up and it would not move past the ribbon. i wish i could have bought this dress but i can't without a working zipper. i tried a size up and every dress at the store that was my size and none of them worked. please fix the zipper problem so i can have this dress!
I should have listened to the previous review on-line before ordering. unfortunately this will go back as the design fit and proportions are simply off. i love uniquely shaped wraps like this, but this one didn't make the cut for me.
This is literally the most unflattering thing i have ever tried on from retailer. the sleeves are so weird and ugly. they get really fat at the top, like a dolman sleeve, but it looks really strange because they don?t flow into the rest of the top, which is very structured. it made my shoulders look huge even though i have very narrow shoulders. this is not apparent in the model picture at all. the thick black seams at the shoulders are also placed in a really awkward spot which also contri
I am not sure who would look good in this dress. it is extremely oversized with tons of fabric that will not flatter anyone!
I stalked this sold out product for weeks hoping my size would become available. when it did, i was very excited, in fact i ordered both a s and xs to be sure one sweater would fit me! unfortunately, neither did and i felt the actual sweater was not as pictured. the sweater has an overall baggy fit and the cutouts don't fall as neatly and as evenly on both shoulders as the picture shows, making the look a bit sloppy in my opinion. it is such a shame as this look is very of the moment and the mod
I really wanted to love the shorts.  when i read that the shorts were lined, i expected them to be lined so that my underwear didn't show.  even though the shorts are lined, you can see through the fabric completely.  this was absolutely disappointing since the shorts have a lovely exterior design; pockets; and, comfortable waistline.  i'm returning the shorts as well.
I got the blue. it is very short. one side of the shirt i received was shorter that the other. the material feels cheap and pleats out a bit right over the bust - only flattering on small busted models.
I absolutely loved this top. it fit great and was easy to dress up or down. i wore it once and washed it according to the tag. cold water and flat dry. it is now 4 sizes too small and unwearable. extremely disgusted.
This jumpsuit is so cute and it looked amazing on. i had to return it because of the poor design. it was extremely hard to put on and take off! there are so many buttons to do and undo which are not as easy as snaps! the fabric buttons definitely make a great look to the jumpsuit but there should be a zipper on the side for easy access, or use snaps instead of the loops for the fabric buttons. what a shame of a lovely and classy design on a good quality material, but not worth it if it's difficu
I was excited to get this shirt in the mail, i liked the pattern a lot, but was so disappointed when i tried it on. i am 5'4", 130 lbs. and wear a c cup so i tried ordering a small as a starting point. there was enough fabric on the sides to make another shirt! despite the excess fabric, the shirt pulled open in the chest area, making it a complete fail. i'm sure the model in the photo must have the shirt clipped in the back to pull in the excess fabric, especially since she's small on top. ther
I was really excited to get this dress, i initially ordered a small (i am a size 4) but when i tried it on, it was really tight. the bodice at the top fit strangely-i had to shorten the straps quite a bit, and the dress just looked off. i love retailer and get all of my dresses from there, and the look of the dress on line was beautiful, but just didn't fit right. i did love the lace look, and would love seeing more dresses with this design.
This jumpsuit looked so great on the model, and looked so hideous on me. i'm 5'4" and in great shape, and this jumpsuit looked absolutely ridiculous....not to mention it rode right up my backside in the worst possible way. i'm so disappointed!
I was very disappointed with my recent retailer order. i ordered the meleri eyelet tank and it had a stain on the front. i also order a dress that came with a tear in the fabric. sale items should not be damaged unless the customer is aware of the damage and accepts it in that condition. very disappointing.
I wouldn't be so unhappy if these pants cost about 75% less. they are so cheaply constructed. one wash and they're all but guaranteed to shrink. the material is so cheap and flimsy not at all what i expect from retailer. they are also 32 inch inseam not 35.5 as stated on the web site which is the whole reason i bought them.
This runs sooo big! i normally wear a large ( 145lb, 5'-4", 36dd) but due to the limited sizing small or medium i chose small because it looked big on the model and this style of dress seem to run large. the size small that i ordered couldve fit two people easily together! i loved the pattern, color and the slip underneath actually fit well but i dont want to look like im wearing a tent, lol. also, the back is slightly longer than the front, something i couldnt see from the pictures online.
This top was a big disappointment. i ordered two of the grey motif with the print of the forest animals in size 16. neither of them fit well, but one was cut much smaller than the other. i've had this problem with all of the numerically-sized buttondown style of maeve tops. i don't understand why in size 14 & 16, this keeps happening. that's why i purchase two of each. usually one fits and the other doesn't. this time, unfortunately, neither worked. they both were too tight in the arms/shoulders
Wanted to love this colorful romper. the fabric was suuuuper thin and very cheap feeling and looking. no way would i wear this.
I wore this bodysuit once. it had a hole under the arm when i took it off
What a let down. the sweater i received in no way resembles the product pictured. based on the original price point, i envisioned a beautiful hand-knitted sweater made of high grade yarn/ wool that i could use for travel. instead, i received something that is grossly oversized for xs/s, made out of weird crafting yarn and looks like an ugly holiday sweater. my kids could make something better than this on their toy loom. not the quality i expected from retailer. back it goes.
I thought this would be a cute business attire skirt. i hate to say it, but i felt like it flared out as if i were amelia bedelia or some whacky children's book character and not retailer. the fabric made it look bulky. i sadly had to return it.
Love the design of the fabric. i actually bought these in both colors. i gave only 1 star due stitching on the fabric, it's very scratchy.
Too tight in strange ways. beautiful dress i was so excited to receive it, however it just did not fit.
This was a disappointment because beautiful fabrics with interesting design are a rarity--and especially at this length! unfortunately, this is a mess in terms of proportions. if a size 2 can barely get it off, then there is a design flaw. sadly, the fit was so strange that it did not seem that simply sizing up would correct the flaws.
The print and front ruffle are beautiful. the sleeves are awful and poorly represented in the picture of the model. it's almost like the sleeves have a life of their own - so mismatched with this style of blouse. such a beautiful print but so disappointing in shape.
What a disappointment and for the price, it's outrageous!
There's a reason the model is holding her arms up in all the frontal views. it hides the very weird wide top part of the sleeve that absolutely destroys and distorts an otherwise beautiful blouse. the print is lovely but the fit is very odd. it's pulls at and is very tight through the bust too. i wear medium or large and ordered size large. if you're less well endowed this might be an okay choice for you. but i have to say this blouse made me look overweight and very wide. returned.
This top is perfect for the first day at clown college if you want to see some clowns cry. the sleeves are probably the worst part of this overpriced monstrosity. the elastic at the cuffs makes the already comically large sleeves billow and puff out even more.   buy this if you enjoy walking to the post office to return things.
I've purchased pilcro jeans in the past and they've held up great. unfortunately, the material used for this particular jean is a far, far cry from what it used to be. the thighs of these jeans start pilling (yes pilling!) after just a few wears. i've never had jeans do this -- whatever denim blend they are using is a complete disaster.  don't buy these -- you will be very disappointed.
I got this shirt in a medium, my normal retailer size and while the short fit, the front is cropped! i am a fan of the tops that are shorter in the front and longer in the back, however this was just too short in the front. my belly button was exposed, and that wasn't the look displayed on the model. unfortunately this top is going back to the store.
This shirt has absolutely no shape. look carefully at the model and you we discover she is cleverly positioned to hide the sheer boxy-ness of this shirt. the print is beautiful but it looks like a maternity shirt. i even ordered the xs at 5'7 and 130 lbs but found it too baggy. returned.
The print is very pretty but the fabric is stiff and it runs way too big.  looks great on the model but awful on me.
I saw this dress in the store and loved everything about it. they had an extra large, i usually wear a large, and i thought it would perfect with some leggings. i tried to get the dress over my chest but no chance. my sister who wears a medium tried to put it in too and she couldn't fit it past her chest either. we flipped it inside out and couldn't find a zipper. maybe the dress in the store was mislabeled but the bust ran very small. it's too bad, it looked adorable and i was so excited to try
Even on sale sale...this tank is not worth the money. the design in the back is adorable & would expect it to be so much better quality but the fabric is flimsy(think old man white tanks that come in a pack) completely see through and lack of shape..i wanted to love this but definitely photographed significantly better than actuality!
I loved the idea behind this shirt but it just hangs around the waist with tons of extra fabric. i suspect the model in the photo has the shirt pinned. totally unflattering making the chest look small and your midsection appear huge. maybe if you size down it would be better- xs was not available for me to try. also the lavender color is really washed out...
I loved this skirt when i tried it on. the material is soft with a bit of stretch. i'd say this runs a little large. for reference, i'm usually a size 2/4 in retailer and the 2 was still a little large towards the end of the day as it stretched out.   however, my disappointment was with the buttons.i wore it for a day when all of a sudden the top button popped off. fine, that button is the most used. i sewed it back on myself and even reinforced the top three buttons that i use to take on and of
I was so excited about these pants but they were a total disappointment in person. the fabric is a rough gauzy texture. the bottom has a big hem that weighs down the pants and makes them hang funny like you are walking on stilts or something, they do not hang or move well on the body. also, they are very long but small in the waist and have a high crotch so the fit is pretty off. sadly, these are going back.
I ordered this top in size xl. there is a lot of excess material below the empire waist so it flows out too much. this accentuated my pear-shape and was unflattering. the sizing on the top portion & sleeves was true-to-size.   the material is so rough, scratchy & uncomfortable. they should have used a softer fabric. the pattern alignment is terrible on the one i received. at $100, i hoped the plaid would have flowed in a continuous, matching line. i didn't notice the mismatched sleeves of the
I found that this dress ran very small. i am true 8, ordered a 10 and it was snug
1. i like a shorter jacket, but this one was poorly made and poorly fit.  2. the sleeves were way too tight. i'm a size 10 or 12, and the large which would be a 14 had tight sleeves that wrinkled up my arms, and the hem of the sleeve turned inside out.  3. i ordered both a medium (size 10) and a large (size 14) , and neither hung right. the m too tight, and the large too loose in the body and too tight in the sleeves.  4. very polyester with lots of static.  5. cute idea, but not very good in pe
I had high hopes for this dress but my husband said i looked pregnant and that i was wearing a tablecloth- and he was right! i'm usually a size 10 so perhaps this would look good on a talk lanky person with a very long torso... but probably not. way too much fabric around the midsection. it's a shame because the fabric was really pretty, but too stiff a hand to drape well.
I love this t-shirt because it has the combination of elegance and relazation to a "t". it's soft, pretty and covers my wide bottom well.
Ok ladies....you need to know that this type of fabric is the one that will get holes (i bought the white one). it is super thin and lovely, but i was only able to get two wears out of it. i did wash it and it maintained it's size because i restretched it while wet then hung to dry. i was super disappointed about the wear but appreciated being able to return it without question at my local retailer.
I loved the look of this sweater, but the workmanship was surprisingly poor. there were missed stitches, and loose threads throughout, and even a tag sewn to the outside. retailer was great about the return. i really wanted to keep it and was very disappointed.
The tights are thin and not how they appear in the photo. one of my pairs had a hole in the seat and it was obvious they had been repackaged with part of the packaging missing. very disappointing. i wish i had found the hole before i try them on. they are definitely going back.
Even following the care label exactly, it shrunk ~3 inches in the length and overall in the diameter. i had to return this since i am tall and it looked more like a work-inappropriate mini after the first wash.
This shirt would be perfect if i needed a canopy on my tent. this shirt runs ridiculously large. purchased a medium and it should be labeled an xl. no impressed with the pattern in person. looks cheap. will be returning.
Boxy, short & wide! luv this brand but super disappointed with this design...
I ordered the coral/peach version in size 16. it ran small, especially compared to other size 14 or 16 maeve blouses i've purchased. very tight throughout the blouse. the product photos looked so nice compared to what arrived. the material was extremely cheap in quality. it wrinkled terribly. the bow pulled the material down which obscured the look of the eyelet. the idea of this was perfect for my style. unfortunately, the poor choice in material & poor fit made this a return for me.
I was so excited to get this top in the mail. i loved the colors, print, cut, everything. i put it on and was so disappointed, the top looks so much better on the model. i don't know if i should have gone down a size (i go between an xs and s), but it looked terrible on me! my husband took one look at me in it and said that's being returned. still disappointed
This shirt is purportedly made of silk, but it is extremely low quality. the material is coarse and scratchy. it's not even worth it at the extra 40% off sale price. returned.
This shirt was tent like on me and there was really no way around it. i am fairly small- usually a 4 or 6 in tops, and smaller on top- barely 34b. this top was incredibly unflattering, falling to cut right at my hips and sitting open and way too flowy-- like a pillowcase/sacklike fit. there was just too much fabric here to make it work for me. it's unfortunate because it looks adorable in the product photo and i love the plaid mix with the open shoulders- a nice transition to fall. unfortunately
I returned this item. it was soft. very blah fabric. nothing special.
Ii loved the idea of this summer top flowing in the breeze... then i got it and the selves did nit give as much slack as i would have hoped #spandex so #returned!
Love the movement of the blouse and how it falls. great quality material.
I wanted to love this sweater but it is a return. it is a very weird fit, very thick, rug-like material and unfitted. the shoulders are bulky, the top is big and the booty is small. i am 5'2", 34c and typically wear a small. the arms were very long, way too long. i will say other than that the top was true to size, may look okay on someone who had a larger chest and a smaller bum!
Completely oversized top, size medium was swimming on me.....boxy, baggy, shapeless -- what more can i say? even in an xs this would not have fit in any way like the photo, returned.
This sweater is a dull off white color. it looks old fashioned. don't get.
These are horrible pants!!! they run small in the thigh and butt like other cartonnier crops. look great at first....after a few hours of wear the stretch out everywhere!!! absolutely terrible! i have several pairs of cartonnier crops that are my "go to" pants, but these are not worth even the sale price! i'd give them no stars if i could!! this fabric is very different from my other printed pairs. if u must try them, size down and suffer through the first few "tight" hours! trust me...they will
Beware! there is a reason this sweater is on sale. it is not even remotely the same color as pictured. instead of the lovely antique blue in the photo, this sweater is a faded, boring, teal-green. what a huge disappointment.
Even at a very deep discount, this piece is definitely not worth the money. the picture made me think this jacket had a longer curved velvet hem as part of its design (which would be cool)--which is largely what attracted me to it, but as i discovered when it arrived, that was actually part of the shirt worn beneath in the photo. so this image is rather misleading. the actual jacket is very thin--more like a shirt with an open front than a jacket. the pockets are just loosely tacked inside. for
Uhm no. oh dear, no. i was initially drawn to this blouse's lovely fabric, the color and pattern are truly stunning. i decided to give it a try because it seemed somewhat boxy, oh boy was i right. sadly, this is one of the least flattering tops that i've ever tried on at retailer. it might be a great maternity top, though.
This shirt fits very closely to the body. it has a very strange fit in the shoulder, though. the arms themselves are really long, far past my hands, yet it's very tight in the shoulder and under arm area. for reference, i am 5'10", 130 pounds and ordered a small, which is what i usually need.
I wanted this so badly, to wear as a dress over a slip. but it is not cute or flattering when you put it on. it made me look 20 pounds heavier than i am, and the fit was awful. i usually wear an xs in dresses at retailer and this swallowed me. i am petite but this is just waaaaaay too big. so disappointed because it's so pretty.
This was so boxy and unflattering. i loved the lining and the fabric was very soft but it looked like i was wearing a bag. was hoping to use this as a cute top layer for dresses but it was a terrible fit. sizing down would not help this one. went back!
I tried this shirt in a small (my usual retailer size) and it was very unflattering.   the fabric was ultra soft and it seemed it was nicely made.  however, this shirt is so unstructured and oversized, i might as well worn a brown paper bag.
The jeans look so different online! the pair i got did not have the stone washed look and was completely different cut. the rise is not as stated and is actually 10.5 inches! also, i'm a true 25 and the waist is like a 27, but the legs are super skinny. i'm so disappointed and i'm not even sure if is worth swapping out for a smaller size. these look more like men's cut jeans.
Only one sleeve is folded twice and sewed. meh.
Much to my surprise when i tried on this sweater i found that it was cut in a bell shape and not at all fitted or straight like in the photo. when i pulled it out of the package i thought i'd ordered the wrong size because the shoulders looked so narrow. but when i tried it on the shoulders fit perfectly, with beautiful detail and high quality material, but the sweater belling out to a very wide shape. it is very wide at the hip and looks out of proportion. it doesn't look anything like the phot
I wanted to love this blouse so much. but try as i might, it just fit so oddly on me. i'm usually a petite s so i purchased the xs in brown. first. the color was more gray-brown but it was still ok. but second, the fit was off. maybe i just got a bad one, but the center of the blouse was so offset, that the slit in the front laid so far to the left and the v-neck was so low that you could see my bra - there was no adjusting i could do to fix it. the material has a lovely soft silky feel to it an
This fell apart after wearing it once. for the price, it should hold up better. it's too delicate.
Very disappointed. ordered two sizes, the fraying of the embroidery was so bad on one of the dresses i wouldn't have worn it and the zipper was sticking. the second dress had fraying and loose threads as well and the seams at the shoulders were not properly sewn which made the lace at the neckline completely crooked. some of these issues would maybe be acceptable if the dress was under $100 but at $228 they are not. returning both sizes.
I was really excited for this top to arrive and was really disappointed once i tried it on. i am sure this is a gorgeous top on someone with a straighter or more slender frame. it is good quality and looks fine on the hanger. i think the color in the picture online accurately shows the color. ladies with hips or a booty, beware...this looked horrible on me! it clung to my butt and didn't hang nice and straight like it does in this picture. i expected the fabric to have a little give to it but it
This dress looked adorable online, but unfortunately, it's not flattering at all, and it's completely see-through. completely. the material is so thin that i can't imagine it would hold up very well over time. this one is definitely going back.
As another reviewer noted, the upper portion (back, chest, shoulders, etc.) fit nicely. however, the body of the dress was enormous and did, indeed, make me look much heavier throughout the middle. back to the store it goes.
I was so excited to get this dress since it look so pretty on line but unfortunately the it was horrendous on. the model must have the dress tailored because it looks like a huge tent on me. it was very wide bust down and made me look 30 lbs heavier. i'm 5'4 and 125 lbs- ordered extra small and it fits bust up and arms so i say it's tts up top.
The shirt is very big. it would be cute as a maternity shirt.
I'm 5'3 and ordered the small. as soon as i saw it in person, i knew it was an item to return. the material is too transparent, and designed to wear with undergarments or swim gear that you want people to see. it was way too long for me. i think it would work for a taller person. i just didn't feel it was worth the money for the quality and transparency.
I thought this dress would be a cute beach cover up so i was excited to order it but i was very disappointed. i am 5'7 and i usually wear a size small top and 4 dress so i ordered a small in this dress but it was huge!! i understand that it is not meant to be form fitting and i wasn't expecting it to be but when i tried this on i felt like i was wearing a potato sack. i feel like an extra small would have been just as bad. i was so upset. it also has thin silver lines through it which, for me, m
These pants were wonderful...for 2 seasons. yes, for almost $200 a pop they don't even last a full year! loved them so much, i bit the bullet & bought 4 pair. all 4 started to rip in the same spot! i tried to contact ag directly & they do not back up their products after 30 days. fortunately, retailer was wonderful (as always!) i will buy pilcro from now on - much better product for the money.
I can always count on retailer to sell unique pieces, so when i saw this sweatshirt online, i ordered it right away.  it&#39;s adorable and quirky, however, when i received it in the mail, it reminded me of something my grandma would wear.  the sleeves are puff sleeves and are really long, while the bottom of the sweatshirt hit pretty high on my waist that when i raised my arms my stomach was showing.  if this was a more tailored sweatshirt, i would be keeping it, but sadly it&#39;s going back.
This is a very awkward and unflattering shirt. i am very petite--90 pounds and 5'2". the arms fit--length and width, but nothing else about this fit. the scoop was so low and wide that i would require a shirt underneath. it fell exactly like a tent and made a bell shape around my thighs. yikes! it looks cute on the model, but not on me. the material is also very thin and felt sort of like it should be a pajama top.
I am very disappointed with this order. the shirt looks and feels cheap, is not flattering in any way. i am sending it back right away.
So disappointed! beautiful dress in the photographs but the cut was incredibly strange. loose and baggy through the top and mid-section but tight around the buttock and thighs.
Just not as long as in the picture. it hit me at my hips not good!
These socks were very thin and the elastic at the top was very rigid. i could not get these socks to go any higher than half-way up my calf. i would not recommend this product. it felt very cheap and not of good quality.
I truly cannot understand the great reviews on this dress!  i purchased in both a sp and a mp.  i am 5'2" 120#.  the mp fit perfectly.  i definitely wouldn't keep it though because it looks like someone sewed a bunch of old sweatshirts together.  it's not super soft, coarse on the inside, and feels old.  the back is longer than the front, it just looks like something my daughter would make in sewing class out of scraps.  even with leggings and great boots, it looks worn.
This shirt appears nice in the pictures. it appears to have a bit of style. wrong. the shirt is one of the thinnest fabrics i've ever purchased. i live in warmer climate and its nice to have different cotton shirts with some style. this shirt has no style, and i thought it would. i have purchased this brand before, and thought this fabric would be similar. the other shirts were way nicer, softer, and had a different level of construction. i wanted to wear this shirt out and when i put it on it w
This is a beautiful shirt. the back is a few inches longer than the front which makes for a cool effect. the only thing that i didn't like about this shirt was how fragile the buttons on the back are. i was taking this shirt off and one popped off. when i went to hang it, another one popped off! so i had to return it. such a shame.
The fabric is a little stiff, the back looks unusually long compared to the front, and it fits tight across the chest. and i'm not busty so that's not a factor.
This is the most unflattering peplum top i have ever tried on. fit perfectly as a size 6 should in the arms, shoulder, chest... then the waist was huge! just hung off of me like a flour sack. it was wider than the chest measurements, which made me appear frumpy instead of tailored and classic. combine that with the high-low hemline and it looked like a project runway reject. sent back immediately, do not buy this if you have (or want to appear to have) an hourglass figure, it will do nothing for
I wish i had read the other reviews before purchasing this product. label says that you can wash and dry normally. however, upon washing, the outer layer shrunk and the inner lining did not. the robe will now not lay flat; the fabric pulls at the edges, and results in the inner lining being revealed when the robe is tied shut. extremely disappointed. for a $100 garment, i expected much more. i wish i could return this.
This is the worst shirt i have ever tried on from retailer. it is basically a big shaggy box from the front, and from the side it looks like a tent. it is also short.
This sweater was so itchy i immediately was turned off. it looks cute in pictures but another problem was that the knitting in the shoulders looks like a kid made it. it was uneven and stretched out. it looked like it was not well made to me. it also shed so much that just from me trying it on my pants were covered in orange fuzz. i returned this one.
This sweater is a lovely color and very soft. however, the sweater 'sheds' terribly and the color is very large distracting from the overall appearance. it's also thin and whatever shirt is worn underneath will show through.
I was so excited to buy it online, but it come in a small plastic bag, and lot of pieces are missing on the one i got, so i had to return it
I ordered this top on line. i wanted to love it, but unfortunately the fit was not for me. i am 5'9 with a long torso. this top was cut very wide and looks like a maternity top.
I was so looking forward to receiving this in the mail! when it arrived, i was very disappointed. the color is more mauve than dusty pink, and the fabric is stiff and wrinkled.....not at all what i expect velvet to be (flowy and soft). the fabric seems very cheap for the price point.  i usually like floreat, but this one is headed right back to the store!
I was so excited for this to arrive. at the end of last summer, my favorite shirt (you know the kind - dresses up or down with ease - it's your go to for work or a night out with friends) was ruined and i have been searching for the perfect replacement. i thought that this would be a good contender, but i was ever so disppaointed when i opened the bag...  firstly, the base color is not accurately represented in the photograph - in person its more of a peachy off-whte instead of white. still pr
I am 5'2 107lb and an xs petite.the embroidery was the only nice thing about this dress, but everything else was really unflattering -- the huge puffy sleeves especially. another reviewer said this was more like a shift, and she was right. not worth the price on sale.
I was so excited to get this in the mail... and loved everything about it except for the fact that it was only as long as one inch above my navel! i don't know why it looks like a normal length on the model. im returning it.
Fits like a maternity top. not for my age group or build.
This is a great dress if you don't want to leave the house or you want the world to see your nipples.
I loved the color and design until i tried it on in the store. i am 5'5" with a slender build. i tried my usual xs but couldn't manage to put this shirt on me without risking smear my makeup or scratch my face by the elastic band at the neckline. the band is so small even fully stretched out. i have a normal sized head just in case you wonder... i gave up after wrestling with it. i can only imagine how uncomfortable to wear something with a tight elastic band choking me...funny... but not funny.
One can't tell from the picture but the top shoulder part is sheet and transparent. it also is very long almost dress length.  feels less quality than what retailer usually carries.
I feel in love with this piece. the color are gorgeous and i received so many compliments. it lifted my mood just wearing it! sadly, ut the end of the first wear i had a run up the front and by the middle of the second wear the light fabric got caught on something and a hole developed. upon further inspection i found another hole at the top where the price tag must have been attached. i also noticed all over pilling after the first wear! so sad! they should recreate this in a heavy fabric.
I generally don't write bad reviews, but there is a real discrepancy between the quality of this kimono and the cost. the design and colors are great, but the fabric is ripping on all the kimonos on the rack in my store where the manufacturer's tag is at the back of the neck. the material is very thin, so there are other small holes beginning throughout the garment. i shop at retailer all the time, and this is not a $98 item of clothing.
Love retailer's kimonos and when i saw this pattern i had to have it! unfortunately, when i bought it the tag was already showing holes so they gave me 15% off... went to wear it for the first time, there was already a huge snag in it! i love retailer but for 98$ this is not worth your money.
The colors on this kimono are amazing and i really loved it, however, i too noticed the 'delicateness' of the material. it is so delicate that parts were starting to fray - including next to the kimono's label. so sad.
It is soft and hangs great. problem - i wore it one time - and the back balled up terrible. it looked like i had owned it for years - not worn it one time. wouldn't recommend. though it is sooooo soft!
Love the softness and the length. the color was perfect. but you have be be a very skinny almost boney person for you to not show imperfections to your body. the fabric is not thick enough and does not have the give to over shadow normal imperfections. will be returning the sweater.
This cardigan looked great on line but it is one of the worst things i ever ordered at retailer. the quality is awful and the material feels flimsy and cheap.
This may be the ugliest dress with the worst fit i have ever tried. the blue stripes are brighter than they appear in the photo, absolutely garish. the top is baggy with awful beads on the back ties, it just looks cheap. the skirt is an antebellum nightmare.   i did not even want to try it on, it's that bad. i considered adding a photo, but was too horrified. for reference, i'm 5'10", approximately the height/ size of the model, but it was shorter than the photo depictes. i wanted to like it,
Thought this would be a great dress for warm days, but alas it fit like a sack. love floreat and have a few of their well made dresses. shame this did nothing for my curves. ordered an 8, usually wear a 10 and it was a tad narrow in the shoulders. if you can sport a loose swingy shape, this is a great dress with nice detailing, but sadly the shape did not work for me.
Don't be fooled by the photos online. the color is a bright baby blue, not pale blue. it's a beautifully designed dress, however, the material is so bulky and heavy. it's so unflattering. i was afraid to try it on and my fears came true: this dress just hung on me and pulled me down. i wanted so much to love it, but i returned it.
I should have listened to previous reviewers. but the dress looks so good on the model in the two dimensional pictures. when it arrived in the mail, i realized this is a mistake. it has no shape, material is poofy and feels cheap. it is going back.
This is so close to perfect, but there's a seam down the middle of the back and they didn't bother to match the polka dots. you can see the mismatch in the second photo. i was about to buy the jacket, and totally in love, when i turned and saw the error. i hoped it was one bad match, but nope, on every one. couldn't unsee, didn't buy. very disappointed.
I bought these and returned them almost immediately. the material looks nice, but itchy and heavy. the fit is too small and just uncomfortable to wear.
As much as i buy from retailer, this is my first review. the pictures do not accurately show how large this dress is in person. i wanted something that was a bit flowy, but this was a reminder of little house on the prairie. the most unflattering dress ever and since it's only available online, i'm not interested enough to try a smaller size.
I tried this top on thinking it would be cute for the summer. it looked more like a maternity top with the fullness in the bottom. so if you're expecting, this one would be great.
I don't normally write reviews, but this shirt was so terrible, that i felt inspired.   first off, the seam that is in both the front and back of the shirt is much more pronounced than in the photo. secondly, there is no shape whatsoever, unlike in the photo. it bells out like a tent. it honestly looks like a shirt you would buy if you were trying to appear pregnant when not. overall, this shirt is an insult to the female form.   retailer, what is with all of these shapeless, frocks in cheap f
The dress arrived wrinkled so i washed it and pressed it. it looked beautiful until i sat down. the entire dress was wrinkled and it looked terrible all day. can't wear this again.
After reading the previous review, i was pretty confident in ordering this dress. it arrived in the mail today, and i was so disappointed. first of all, it's huge. the medium was way too big on me, and i'm never a small at retailer! (i even considered ordering the large in this - my normal size at retailer.) second, the colors are not as vibrant as in the photo, and the fabric felt cheap. finally, it just looked like i went to hawaii and bought a drab dress there that didn't fit right.
I cannot imagine this dress working in any size. i am a small, thin and average height woman (usually a 25/26 in pants, a size 32c bust, and 5'6" tall). this dress was huge. i sized down to a 2 ( i am always a 4 in dresses) and this dress was still big... i do not know if i could size down to a 0 though as the shoulders seemed to fit right. it was ginormous. i got it for a wedding in two months and i will be 3 months pregnant, it still wouldn't work unless i was 9 months pregnant and carrying tr
As the other reviewer said, the skirt had this weird bunching on both sides of the hips-it was ridiculous. i don't know how anyone could wear it-looks like you had two little triangle things poking out from each hip. i'm long and lean so usually skirts like this fit me well. very very strangely constructed-i couldn't keep it even at the deeply discounted price
I ordered this in a size 1 which i thought would be a small and it was very, very wide. it is very short too. i typically wear a small and am 5'8" and 132 lbs. it's going back unfortunately. very soft material though.
These pants are gorgeous when you first see them. they fit beautifully when you first put them on. and then you wear them for one day. and they snag. on everything. and little strings start to come out of the pants. and the hem begins to unravel. and the pants which were once beautiful light summer pants appropriate for work or brunch are now frumpy, worn out pants with a million snags and strings hanging off of them .... after one day.   i can't begin to tell you how annoyed i am that i spent
Huge with bountiful amounts of extra fullness....not like represented picture. and it snags very easily. i have a 4 mo. old puppy that jumped up on me as i was trying it on and snagged it in several places. 'i'm going to see about returning it with the snags.
Agree with other reviewer that this is massive even for a cape. unflattering overall. i normally wear a size 2 of 4 and bought this in an xs and two of me can easily fit into this with room to spare. unlined and it itches!
I am floored by all of the positive comments about these culottes! i can see that they would work for someone who is rail thin and has no hips... but for those of us with curves (i'm a size 12, hourglass), these are very unflattering. they made me look like i was carrying an extra 20-30 pounds, just around the hips! so bummed because they look so cute on the model.
I'm a petite so as usual i have to order from retailer. i saw this on line and tried it on in a regular size in the store. even though of course it didnt fit, the style of the tee was nice so i ordered it. i couldnt have been more disappointed when i received it. the quality was truly awful. i'm not even sure why it is being sold. the neckline was warped and wouldn't lie flat again the neck or chest; the bottom hem was crooked. it was really bad. also having purchased tees in similar material befo
As the previous reviewer mentioned, the pockets ruin this dress. pockets, usually such a good idea! but here they're misplaced (right on the hips) and made of the same thick ponte fabric as the dress, so they stand out far from the body and completely ruin the line of the dress... not flattering to have huge gaping hip pockets. this makes an otherwise good dress a total loss.
Comments. the detail is lovely - especially the dragonflies on the sleeve. and the quality is there with the lining. trouble is this is thick fabric cut in a box shape. imo, you have to be very skinny to pull this off and not look like a tank. i looked at the model (after purchasing) and notice that she has it open and swept back a bit bc if it is not, it is terribly unflattering.
Totally see through.
This dress is very thick cotton material. like a sweatshirt. i was hoping to wear this to a wedding but it is a tunic at best. the bell part of the sleeves also stick out awkwardly because of the fabric.
Unfortunately this top is shirt-length, and i'm only 5'4". needs to be about 6" longer. made of sweatshirt material, which i wouldn't mind if it were longer. also runs very wide- ordered an xs and could have gone smaller.
This dress is horrible. i can't believe they can get away with calling it a "dress". it should have been called a tunic or shirt. it looks like it is a soft flowing dress made out of nice material from the pictures, no way. it is made from sweatshirt material it is lifeless and is kind of stiff. it came to the top of my thighs. i can't find one nice thing to say about this dress and i do not recommend it. the picture does it so much more justice that it is worth.
I couldn't wait to get this top in the mail since they didn't have it at my local retailer, but i was so disappointed in both the quality and fit. the white is completely see-thru, i can't believe how sheer the material is - especially for the price. even as the shirt is lying down, i can see through both layers of it... the fit runs small, and short.
Absolutely loved this top but after i washed it the underside color ran at the stitching. it is all white on the outside but at the bottom hem it has a really cool 1" lining in a mustard color. i did a cold water wash and flat to dry. i noticed around the stitching at the bottom the mustard color has bled through just at the area of the mustard color stitching.   i am so disappointed b/c i loved this top.
From the photos, i thought the design was embroidered. in reality, it is stamped on. there is a tiny bit of embroidery and a few sequins, but overall, the design is just printed on the fabric. i didn't feel it looked good, in fact it looked kind of cheap to me, so i returned it. the overall style of the jacket was great and it would have looked equally good for work or casual. i was disappointed it didn't work out.
I purchased these pants on 12/2/15 as a more fashionable alternative to yoga pants while traveling southeast asia starting february. after about 10-15 wears (with little washing in between as i was backpacker style traveling) the pants wore through in between my legs. the fabric first started to develop little fuzz balls everywhere and then literally disintegrated in places. i tried to sew them to continue wearing them while traveling but alas the fabric had become so thin that the thread could
Top is completely see through. i cant imagine if it were to get wet what it would look like. it is a cute design but not practical at all.
Agree with above review. these are described totally wrong. they are not 8.5 rise. they are very high rise, so much that i didnt even try them on...the color isnt good either, it looks like a cheap levi's color or just not a quality denim. if you like high rise, you might like them. i can't comment on fit..
I made the mistake of ordering without checking the reviews. cute design but not as comfy as it looks. returned immediately.
Was so excited to get this dress because i thought it was cute and i love flowy and big dresses - however this looks huge. the material is not soft so it doesn't fall well. it just stays proofed out so from the back you look like a giant!!
This dress is huge. i am normally a l-xl regular in retailer brands. i love a loose, flowy dress. after trying one on in the store (just a random returned petite xl) i ordered the petite medium. and it was still huge and not flattering. so sad. i wanted to love this- loved the material and colors, but way off.
The yellow is not as bright as the pic and the tee shirt base color is more off white/oatmeal making the shirt look much more drab in person than in the pics. fit was ok but nothing special about this and will be returning.
I ordered this in blue and the color is absolutely gorgeous! i really loved it until i put it on. wow it was bad. i ordered a small--normally a sm/med due to bust but this was so wide and had so much material. it wasn't long but rather incredibly boxy. one of the most unflattering things i've ever tried at retailer.
I had such high hopes for this top! the colors! the peplum! the ruffles! the price point! the fit was terrible, unflattering, and laughable! please try again with this one, retailer. you could have a real winner with a little tweaking!
It fits super baggy everywhere and looked sloppy on me.
This shirt runs gigantic and it's not even cute. i.'m done buying retailer online.
Ugh, the fit of this dress is terrible :/ what a beautiful dress though -- the material and the colors -- had so much potential. but, the fit is awful -- i ordered by regular size and the top was more or less ok, if not a tad big, but hip down was crazy tight that i couldn't even zip it without a ton of effort. i don't think sizing up will help because then the top will be even bigger. disappointing.
Nice and colorful dress but runs very oversized. material mutes the colors not as vibrant in person.
This jacket is so cute and fits perfect and i love the motif. however, it deposited black linty particle all over my pants and top and the fabric was already pilling just from being on the hanger in the store. this piece will look bad/worn/old in a very short period of time. it's a big shame, because it's so perfect in every other way. i choose not to buy it. it's very expensive for the quality.
For those who are wondering this sweater coat is 50% lambswool and 50% acrylic. the original version of this coat was 100% lambswool. 50% acrylic yet the price remained the same???i would have payed more money to have this sweater coat made in 100% lambswool like the original version. this is another example of declining quality and a high price tag for synthetic materials.
This blazer looks great on the model and i have a long torso so i thought it would be perfect. when i got it it looked like a big box and didn't fit anywhere. the shoulder pads were giant and the bottom of the coat was huge. i got a small based on other reviews, but it was way too big. sadly, i had to return it.
The material that was used to make this top is very thin and poor quality. it feels like the type of material that will disintegrate after one wash. i normally wear an xl and this top is huge and not flattering. returning asap.
The catalog shot and model shot are completely different. it's like not even the same dress. the neckline, color, the quality of lace
I recently purchased this blouse on their 40% off sale in white. i was hoping for a crisp white structured blouse. i did read all the reviews and thought i would give it a try anyway. it is awful. there is no structure or shape but the quality is the reason i am returning. it feels like a napkin or thinner. not even worth the extra sale price. i will be returning.
Got this in purple and love it! ordered red and silver and only received red so far, but had to return because it was oddly shaped and didn't fit well like the purple. not sure what happens. maybe miss sized?
I tried this on at my local store. i love the look and the color of the blue tank and wanted very much to like it. alas, it was not to be. the material is super thin (almost see-through) and it is of poor quality. i did not buy it.
The material is thin and of poor quality.  it snagged the first time i wore it. the arm holes are very low as other reviewers stated.
Is gigantic-it could be so cute, but the neckline and armholes are ridiculously low. i am 5 feet 10 and 140 pounds, and a small was huge on me.
The fit of this sweater did not flatter my body-type. the top half did not fit well; the armpit area was loose fitting and the neckline was awkward.
I ordered the shirt bc it looked soo cute despite the fact many said this shirt was see thru. it's true.. had to return it
This top is a joke unless you are really into expensive clown wear. i thought this looked whimsical, fun and a well-designed piece when i saw it on line--especially at this high price. i started to laugh before i even pulled the entire top of out the bag when i got it in the mail today. it is not expensive looking at all, and the pom poms look like a sad craft project rather than a special detail. it is a bit juvenile too. even if you wore it and were going for "ironic", it would be difficult to
I read all the reviews about the fabric being see through, but liked the dress enough to give it a shot. it is soooo see through. this trally could only be worn on a beach. very disappointed.
I was really eager to receive this sweater, i was expecting the same as in the picture. i received it today and i am already returning it. first of all the sweater didn't look new, it is mostly shapeless, it has little balls and piling on the wool (what happens after wearing a sweater for a few months) and the metallic color makes it look cheap. in the knitting itself there are missing points and there are actual holes in some places. it is a beautiful design but other than that not even the col
I wore this suit for the first time yesterday and the black inner lining is leaking and causing stains on the white sections. seriously bummed as this is a super lovely suit.
I was surprised retailer decided to ship this sweater. the sweater looks like it's falling apart and it is huge. i would not recommend this even at a clearance price.
Looked really cute on line. arrived with a large hole in the front! quality and look was very cheap!!! would not recommend this sweater at all. step it up please retailer!
How cute was this little sweater and comfortable even in the south .... until i washed it! i followed the instructions on the label being careful not to wring it out. first of all, the smell was unbelievable! i washed it three days ago and it is still wet and damp and on top of that, it shrunk. even though i handwashed it, line dried it and pampered it to no end!
Sooo disappointed with how flimsy this fabric is. i think this is the thinnest of all clothing items i have ever come across anywhere in my life. this is really a shame because the colors are stunning and it is a nice shirt style. another con is if you have any bit of back fat it shows every lump and bump . i do not recommend unless you have a lean back and the cost was $5.00!!!
The title says it all. looks very pretty online though.
Like other reviewers, i saw this dress on the cover of the catalog and knew i had to have it! well, i am very disappointed. the colors aren't as rich as the outdoor photo, although they're brighter than shown in the studio photos. this is just not a flattering dress. i've put it on three times and taken it back off. the neck is too high, the sleeves are too narrow (and i have really skinny arms), and there's no "swing" to it. i am 5'4" and weigh 120 pounds and bought a size small, which is what
I bought this dress because i saw it in stores when it first came to retailer. it was stunning. the colors were vivid and the beading was intricate. i regretted not purchasing it immediately.    fast forward to today... the dress i received was not the one that was originally in stores. the fabric was different, there was hardly any beading, and the colors were washed out and dull.   i read previous reviews saying that the dress was more like the studio pictures than the original promo. but t
I loved this dress online and was luckily able to locate it in a store about an hour away from me. i drove to the store to purchase it; however, when i tried it on, i was so disappointed! the print is adorable and it is made of great quality, but the swing style is definitely more than mini! i could have fit 3 of myself in this dress. it is definitely not as depicted in the photographs. also, the background of the dress is way more pink than appears in the photos, and the floral print isn't as r
This dress is thin and completely see through. it is definitely not worth the price tag. would be really cute in a thicker material.
I don't know who this would fit. looks so cute on the model and i thought this was going to be the perfect between season dress . . . but just looked like a sack! i think the "knit" must have stretched into an unnatural shape - especially the arms!
The tank looks nothing like the one pictured, mainly because it's tissue-paper thin. also, i ordered it in two sizes - xs and s as it can be hard to tell which one will fit. i started with the xs and quickly discovered that it ran large. the armholes hit halfway to my waist. obviously i didn't even bother opening the size s. both will be returned.
I ordered this in cream during the 25% sale. i had seen one at the store and thought it was very pretty, but it was not my size, so i didn't try it on. when it arrived, it was a wrinkled mess. it was so wrinkled that i don't think i would be able to iron it satisfactorily. i was also disappointed in the fabric of the dress layer. it almost looked flocked and i wonder if something is wrong with this dress in particular. it was also way too short for me. i'll be taking it back very soon. i do plan
I really did. here's why i just couldn't: the lace strips make it look cheap. the fabric is soft, , but the pattern is undistinguished.  the fit is very disappointing--medium looked square and boxy, the large was massive and in both sizes the v-neck was too low to wear without a camisole underneath....which defeated the purpose.
This dress turned out to be a huge disappointment!!! i was in loveee with the picture! in real life, not so much. the material felt thin and cheap! and the yellow was super yellow! nothing like the picture. i was so bummed! returned it earlier today...
I had hoped this bulky knit would be cuddly and soft, with suri (a type of alpaca) in the title. i don't know if the blend (45% polyamide, 25% royal baby alpaca, 20% fine merino) threw it, but had i felt this in store, i would never have even picked it up. unimpressed.
I love the color block concept but this top was way too boxy. the shirt was pretty much square. and the top was super itchy, too. looks so cute online but no-go in person.
I so wanted to love this suit. it was gorgeous - the color, the quality, the style, but i am returning and can not recommend it. the sides need to be connected just a little bit higher and i think it would work, but there is no way you could move around in this without things popping out in front. i mean it would be gorgeous to just lay there in the sun, but i didn't feel like i could even walk safely, and i am not well-endowed. very bummed but it's going back.
This dress ran large--maybe because the pleats made this dress too roomy. the dress hung on my right shoulder but the dress did not hold up at all on the left side of my body, maybe because i have a short torso/petite frame. i loved the yellow color for summer--it would have made for a nice dress to wear for a wedding. unfortunately, i had to return it.
When i tried these on in the store i was thrilled - they were comfy as yoga pants and  the fit was divine. i thought i had found the perfect jeans and i splurged on them for my birthday. after wearing just two times they are baggy and the knees are totally bagged out, saggy and faded. so disappointing - i want my $180 back!
I really wished i had heeded the other reviews of this "dress". it is so ridiculously oversized i cannot imagine who this possibly would look good on. i ordered the sm/med and when i took it out of the package i thought i had accidentally been sent a bed sheet and said "are you kidding me?!"  by the time you cinch the neckline so the fabric is somewhat close to your body the neckline is almost to your waist and you look 50 lbs heavier. horrible design retailer. i don't know which dress the
I was so looking forward to an awesome maxi dress.  this was not it.  completely see through.  i guess you could wear it as a bathing suit cover up.  but be prepared to knot the length or you will trip.  its an odd design. absolutely not worth the price.  i purchased the sm/md and i could have for two of me in the dress. returned this piece without looking back
Cute sweater. snap was broken when i received it. and i looked for it at local stores and they are all out of stock. ugh!
I loved the dress, but just not dressy enough after rethinking what i needed. very easy order and return. thanks!
The picture makes the shorts look structured. i assumed they were made of a heavier cotton material. i was disappointed when they turned out to be a light weight polyester.   also, this runs way too big. i am busty and did not fill out the top of the xs.  i wouldn't even buy this at the sale price.
I bought the bronze color which was nice but the cut just hung like a dust rag, no fit , no drape very unfinished looking. though i bought it on sale on sale, it is not worth keeping. over all it was not a worthwhile blouse to keep.
Don't be fooled by the image; unless you have a c/d chest, this romper has masses of draped fabric right around your middle--exactly where you want it least! very unflattering and rather expensive for the poor quality. back it goes!
The shirt cuts too high up and is very awkward looking on. sent it back. wouldn't buy even on sale.
Really unattractive shirt. nothing good i can say about it. horrible fit. i can't imagine this would look good on anyone.
I loved these pants the minute i put them on, and was so happy i'd ordered them. but i wore them only 3 times - and only at dinners with friends, not even for full days - and the seams on both legs ripped open! i think the faux leather just isn't equipped to handle the stretch of fitted leggings. i was super-bummed about this, because these pants are so insanely cute. but if they can't hold up to a few casual wears, then there's just no way... thankfully retailer was true to their brilliant custom
I fell in love with this dress but when i received it in the mail, i was really surprised to see that unlike the picture online, the slip underneath is a nude color. it fit well and i decided to keep it. i wore it for the first time today and felt great in it. i was driving with my son in the back seat, i turned to hand him something and the entire right side of the dress (where the crocheting is) ripped open!! i cannot believe how poor the quality is at this price!
First problem-i would not have ordered this at all had the description been correct. the fabric description is cotton which the dress is most certainly not. secondly, it has a really funky, cheap, unfinished, raw-hemmed slip which is simply not fitting for the dress. the keyhole in the front is super long-again, does not seem to fit the dress. i am not happy with this piece at all but it did fit tts. length is just above knee. i am 5'5" 142 lbs 34d and the six was a good fit. sending this home t
Really cute sweater, well made, but so intensely itchy i couldn't keep it on for more than 30 seconds !
I wanted to like this one.. really but it was just plain sloppy looking. i returned it.
This looks nothing like it does on the website. it runs small and the colors are so muddy. it doesn't drape nicely and i a musually an xs and this was short, stiff and plain ugly. sent it back immediately.
I've been shopping at retailer since 2007, and floreat used to be my favorite designer, but for the past year or more, floreat mostly misses the mark. this blouse looks nothing like it does on the model.  1. it is long on her, not so in real life. this is probably the worst part about this blouse. if it were not for this, i might try on a size m and give it another chance. 2. it runs very large. i usually take a l or xl. i think i would need a m in this, as mentioned above. 3. in the picture, t
I agree with the other reviewers, this top is completely disappointing in every way, i could not believe it was the same top i pulled from the bag. where to begin,....... it runs really big it's short and boxy, not at all like it appears on the model, this must be pinned a lot in this picture. colors are completely dull in person, i really think this picture was lightened a great deal. fabric feels cheap and stiff lining is stuff and poorly sewn. i haven't one positive thing to say about t
This dress is not flattering. the slip is very small and short and the dress is big and billowy. like the other reviewer said, its more like a tablecloth that you stick your head through. it was really hard to figure out how to cinch in the waist but it didn't help regardless. the length is not accurate either. i would say it's a pretty short dress (mid thigh) but that probably depends on the person. it also makes you look very horizontal. i was really excited about this dress but it's getting r
Large and the material is too bulky. i returned it.
This dress looks like it could be cute on but when you put it on its just blah. i saw someone else trying it on in the fitting room and she felt the same. not cute, not flattering, the model photo is deceiving. would not recommend, although it looks airy and comfy.
I'll start by saying, over the years, i get more and more frustrated by the lowered quality of retailer's products. this dress represents all of my frustration. cheap, cheap cheap material. low thread count. elastic!!! around the end of the sleeves that rubs the cheap fabric against your arm. i mean, this dress is a total disaster - and looks nothing like the photograph shown.
I didn't have a problem anticipating the fit of this dress. i felt with the drawstrings on each side i could make it work. i usually take a large and even ordered a medium as i had read all the reviews of it running big. when i got the dress, i was beyond disappointed. it is a heavy, itchy polyester-like fabric, not a thin rayon looking texture like the picture shows. it is also a deep black, not the plum color in 4/5 photos. but most importantly, i am 5'8" and the dress is very short on me. it'
I wore this blazer for one day, didn't do anything strenuous, and the fabric started to disintegrate along the back, next to the center seam. it's completely unfixable, since it's not the seam that split but the fabric itself. what a waste of money.  as to the fit, it is a boxy cut through the waist. it looks better unbuttoned than buttoned. the jacket also shows a lot of the shirt you have under it, so it's good over something cute.  or, it would be, if it didn't fall apart.
Loved the look of this shirt online. i tried it on and was sad to see that the frontal view is all wrong. the cool shoulder design is almost too exaggerated (almost looks as if i'm ready for take off!). unfortunately, none of the featured photos on the product page display the frontal view of the model. i really wish the shoulder design was slightly smaller in shape and size - i would have loved it! looks great from the side but sadly i can't walk around like that ;)
These are terribly unflattering the wash looks dirty and the rise is not 10.5 like the description says, which is the only reason i gambled on these it is 13".
The color is nice and the material is what you might find used by a high school drama club with a low budget - a very cheap polyester. on top of that - it is unhemmed and unfinished in any way - so you can bet, that about the second or third wearing there are going to be runs all through the thing. i've attached a picture of the "hem" below. on top of that - the ruching is awkward (as mentioned by another reviewers). all in all - kind of terrible.
This was a very odd fitting top. i should have read the description more closely. the colors are beautiful but the cut hit me in all the wrong places.
These are way oversized! i have several pairs of pilcro jeans and these run way too large. wasted money on shipping. won't do that again:(
The material is beautiful and high quality however the cut is so awful! it lays very weird near the neck and shoulder area. it kind of forms this square but if you are larger in the bust area it causes the top to slant making it lay awkward.
I had my eye on this dress for months. i came into some extra cash and bought it at full price online and picked it up in the store. the purple pattern is nowhere near as soft as pictures. it was very bright which disappointed me. it's also made for more busty women. at a 34d i could in no way fill this dress out. the result made it look so frumpy and unflattering. i felt like an old lady in a bag.
I saw this dress in the catalog and had to have it. when i went to the store it was sold out so i had them order and ship it to me in two sizes - my regular and one size larger. when i got them, i tried on my regular size first and it was just perfect! beautiful pattern and material. light and airy. sexy with the low-cut "keyhole." i am sooo happy with my purchase.
Very poorly made- wide and short, very unflattering. the material is advertised as cotton, but it felt very synthetic.
I was very disappointed in the quality of this top. the first time i wore it it snagged right in the front. i had to pull the thread under so it wasn't exposed. i put it in the wash in the gentle cycle and it was destroyed with several more snags when i removed it from the machine. this top is extremely delicate and doesn't withstand normal everyday casual wear although it's s casual lightweight sweater. now it's just a wear around the house ratty throw around shirt.
While the print is cute, the fit is a disaster if you are a c cup or fuller. the bottom band does not lay flat as pictured on the model (it rides up under your boobs) and the whole cup area tips forward - it's not really molded like a bra, more flat foam insert. immediately went back. hopefully, if retailer continues to do swimwear, they'll take a look at adjusting the designs to make sure they're also workable for fuller cup sizes (underwire please!)
This sweater was not as featured in the picture. the front is completely cropped while the back is regular length. the front barely reached the middle of my stomach. also, the color was not as vibrant as shown in the picture. this sweater will be going back.
Seemed pretty shapeless which surprised me because of the design. perhaps it was just too big. returned it.
This dress is absolutely hideous on my physique. ordered a size 6 and it hung on me like a cheaply made tent. i have an athletic built am a 34d. it is going back asap.
Well...this is "on me" as i saw this hanging in the store, but way off on my size which is xxs petite.  i looked too quickly and got a nice sa to order it for me.  both pieces are transparent - no opaque lining at all is inside. both pieces are made of fragile clingy materials. there is no "flow," just cling. the size is much too big so the resulting look is of two bad pieces hanging oddly without any real shape.  this may be the first time i really just not recommend a piece - at all. bes
I have to agree with the first reviewer! i really loved the color of this dress and could almost have overlooked the lack of a lining, but when i felt the fabric expecting a nice lush silk, instead getting what felt like a polyster instead i couldn't justify it for the price. i really liked the fact that a maxi came in petite sizes as well, but just couldn't get over the poor quality for that price so back it goes!   i hope the team members or buyers at retailer are reading these reviews
Fabric felt and looked cheap.  hem was completely frayed, all the way around, perhaps purposely, but ratty looking, all the same.
Looks great, the material feels great but when i put this dress on for the first time today it fell apart at the seams in the rib cage area. total disappointment! i had purchased this on sale for my graduation and was getting ready to walk out the door when i saw two holes on each side!
I was so excited to purchase this dress; i love all shades of grey for winter clothing, i love knits, and i have loved other maeve dresses. however, i simply cannot fathom how poorly this is designed--it fits absolutely nothing like it appears to on the model, to the point that i wonder if i might have received a defective dress.  for reference, i am 5'5", slender and small-boned but also curvy (hourglass). my bust is 36 c, hips about 37-38. i normally wear a small in maeve dresses. maybe it's j
Love the print and was looking forward to this dress. the length and bust are just right in normal sizing, however the 'swing' effect is all off. there's so much fabric. its like wearing a moo moo. not at all flattering. disappointed in this one.
Where o where did the old pilcro ankle stet go??? these are a cheap impersonator. the denim used to be thick which really did wonders for the fit and overall appearance of how the denim lays over your lower half. the last 3 pairs of pilcro stets i've ordered have gone right back because they are nowhere close to the greatness they were originally. the pockets on these jeans sit so so low- completely unflattering. the ankles are significantly smaller circumferentially. the old stet ankle jeans ha
Waist is tight and thighs and legs are not. -not flattering- ankle opening is too small, and they have a funny smell.
This is exactly the same cut as the breton peasant blouse, which i also ordered. it's extremely tight thru the bust and the sleeves are very wide at the top which adds width to the look of this blouse. it added 20 pounds! the print is beautiful. the ruffles are trimmed with a golden colored thread which is a beautiful detail. i ordered size large and am well endowed. steer clear if you have a bust.
This dress looks amazing on-line. in person the arm ruffles are much larger and stick out, and the dress at the bottom makes you look like strawberry shortcake. too much all over ruffling at the chest and is not flattering. pattern is dizzying in person.   very thin multi layer dress. should be better material and quality for this price. save your money and shipping.
This top is beautiful online and in person. i am in no way a large full figured gal, but i did order an xl. reading the past review and wanting an airy fit i ordered a larger size. this shirt is horribly tiny in person! the xl regular fit looked like an xs. have no idea if this particular shirt sent to me was miss sized or what. will take back. other than fit, the shirt is very beautiful in every way.
I opened these when i got them yesterday and immediately tried them on. the knees were totally stretched out and due to the panel at the knee, it looked like i had growths popping out between my legs at my knees. someone had received these before me and sent them back after they tried them on or wore them then returned them. they were obviously too small for whoever did that. these never should have been resent to another customer. they are obviously very misshapen. they are going back. on a bet
This is an absolutely beautiful dress, but arrived with several holes in it!
I wanted to love this dress because the fabric is fun, but i could not find a way to make the drawstring waist look like anything but a potato sack.the model has her hands hiding the lack of a waistline
I was extremely disappointed with the quality of this product. as soon as i put this tunic, the right tie loop detached from the garment. i could return it but the point of shopping online was to avoid the hassle of going to the store. the price of the item does not justify the low quality of the final product.
I just received this dress wadded up in a bag. it is nothing like the colors shown on line. in the picture it appears blue and white. in actuality it is teal and a funky color of beigey pink. the top is see though but it does see have a slip under the skirt. will be sending it back and again remind myself why i shouldn't try to buy a dress on line.
Bummed out.. this is super cheaply made and very expensive... the design is different , the color is beautiful, but the material is a different story.. it should be priced at the most 30 bucks.. not 128.. i'm returning them. also, they run very big..!
It runs large. loose or oversized tops don't bother me so i thought it would be fine, but this just made me look wider then i am. is thin and too sheer for me as well. it was just so unflattering. i had to return it.
I loved the design and look to this shirt, but it ran way big for me. i loved the forgiving fit, but it just wasn't flattering at all. i even went down one size and it still was huge. sad to send this one back.
Seems there was a design defect in this item--sleeves are way too tight and hardly go on without ripping the shirt. i have pretty thin arms so it's hard to imagine this not happening on anyone. too bad because it's otherwise a very nice top.
I love the idea of this top and ordered it in white. it is a great design and proportion is nice with jeans. the front is off white t shirt material with a pocket and the back is a light grey heathered panel. i am returning it as it is very thin and the quality is cheap looking. if the grade of material had been a bit thicker and better made, then it would have been a winner!
This is a beautiful kimono but just isn't made well. the one i received already had a couple small holes and a pull in the thread that was very noticeable. after reading the additional reviewer who wore it an hour and it was already pilling, it is going back for good. such a shame!
I loved this dress and the color. i wanted to wear it to my niece's wedding. i usually wear a medium but couldn't get it on. the large was perfect in the top but too tight in the hips for a wedding even with spanks. the xl was perfect is the hips in that it didn't cut, but the top was huge. i really don't understand the sizing of this dress at all.
This is not a kimono. it's a cocoon. there's a huge difference.  it's also not made very well.
It's sheer, the design /print is casual, but on silk like material. had it been made out of cotton would have definitely kept it! who is going to wear this in the blazing heat of summer???
This shirt is so small. i am not sure who came up with the sizing but you have to go up several sizes to get a comfortable fit. don't waste your time on this shirt. such a shame, it could have been very cute.
I had loved this on-line when i saw the pretty floral pattern. however, in person, it is such a disappointment. the quality of the fabric and the fit are just very poor.
I should have listened to the reviews that said this top was too boxy, but i didn't believe them and bought it anyway. i was wrong! this top is so boxy and wide, just awful.
I'm normally a small in retailer tops. i ordered a small, and the top fit well in the shoulders and in the upper (more fitted) part. it all went horribly wrong from there. the top billowed out at the bottom and fit like a circus tent, instantly adding a good 50 pounds to my frame. this was such a disappointment, as the pattern is beautiful and the fabric is high quality.
The photos online make it look like a comfortable, relaxed, lightweight early fall/spring cardigan. when it arrived it looked very wrinkly and there is no "shimmer" as far as i can tell. i tried using my steamer to get some of the wrinkles out, but it didn't work. it looks too rumpled and i don't want to wear something that looks like i just rolled out of bed.
This sweater is the perfect sweater except for one thing.....it sheds everywhere. i can simply pick up the sweater and shake it in one hand and 40 large pieces of lint go everywhere on the ground and on you. if you like dark jeans- don't purchase. before i walked out of the store- the salesperson had to use a delineator on me- it was hysterical. sheds so much
Purchased this item on sale-received it and it had two huge holes on the side.not possible to repair. very disappointed in lack of quality control. :(
I ordered this top based on the photos. this looked unique and beautiful, plus i've loved past designs by this brand. i thought this would be nice for summer. there isn't a straight-on view of the front of the top for a reason. the model is turned to the side and there is one black flower that stands out below her chest, away from the border of the rest of the flowers. the flower looks kind of like a bee. i believe she is either wearing a size larger or pulling down the top to mask the problem.
I have always bought interesting, pretty, wearable dresses for my daughters at retailer. now the dresses are just retro funky. sad to see.
The photos don't look it, but the one i received was a cropped length. the bottom of the sweater's longest parts didn't even reach the top of my mid-rise pants. and i'm 5'3" so it wasn't that the model is a lot shorter than me unless their models are 4' tall.   disappointed since i wasted my retailer discount on this!
Ugh, i was so disappointed with this shirt. i was so excited when i saw it online and thought it would be a perfect summer shirt with the light colors and the flower print. unfortunately it falls flat and i understand now why they don't have a straight on photo of the shirt, its very plain and lays very unflatteringly. it's definitely missing something in the front. i typically wear a small to an extra small and i ordered this in an extra small and would have needed an xxs if i hadn't returned i
The print doesn't necessarily works for everybody.
The fit is so bad and the construction is very poor. i'm 5'1'', 100 lbs, ordered xxs petite.   first of all, when i button this, there is extreme gaping going on. the vest runs narrow, yet tall?it shifts up my torso if i move at all, making the gaping even worse.  the "skirt" at the bottom is made of a very cheap, thin, slightly sheeny material that you would find at a flea market. it arrived unbelievably wrinkled and crumpled, and it was just so thin. it did not meet as closely in the middl
Looked good in pictures. i even ordered an xxs petite and it was huge! although the sweater has interesting textures and is very beautiful, it is very awkward and poor fit. will be sending back.
I'm so disappointed. the dress looked lovely in the box, but when i started to unbutton it to try it on, two buttons split in half! it's going right back.
Although beautiful colors this eyelet dress is quite heavy and the buttons have no give- one of them literally cracked when i tried to unbutton it. unbuttoning it was difficult due to the tight weave. it just misses the mark and will be going back.
One of the worst shirts i've tried in a long time. i don't know how they managed to give it a little shape on the model. in person it is sleeveless, huge, short and wide.
I tried on this jumpsuit in black and it was absolutely beautiful. i liked that it looked sort of like a tuxedo, i wore it one time and received so many compliments. when i washed it, however, it shrunk almost 1 size! the pant legs were high water. i even tried washing and restretching it because i loved the jumpsuit but it wouldn't budge, i think because rayon is not stretchable material. to my disappointment, i returned it. i really wished it would have worked out.
I own two poodles and love anything poodle print. i was estatic to see this and i snagged it on sale. but it is horrible. the fit is like wearing a pillowcase. it was about 5 inches too wide on each side while the arms fit. it looked like it was attempting to have a dolman shape but it was way too short, wide, and wrong. i was in love with the print however i had to return it.
This is more of an undershirt than a shirt. the material is very very thin and it shows everything. it was beyond unflattering on me. don't buy this unless you have a knockout thin body.
I saw this very shirt online & thought it was so pretty. in person, the shirt seems flimsy. the buttons look as though they'd fall off. i also didn't like the cut of the shirt. it seemed to be tighter on top & looser on the bottom. had to return. i couldn't justify the cost with the quality.
Horrible fit not true to size again aline outside of the dress and a very tight camisole underneath
I was so excited to receive this dress only to come find out that it was not tweed, not the same colors as the picture, spandex material, the fit runs smaller than most of their dresses and the sleeves are capped. i love retailer and prefer their clothes above all other brands but i was extremely disappointed in this dress.
This dress has pretty colors. the top fit well but the bottom looked like an upside down umbrella. it has enough material to make 2 skirts and the big pockets on the sides make the skirt stick out sideways. the photo of model is from side, not the front. very unflattering on me.
I ordered this top online during the mother's day sale, thinking i had found the perfect white staple tank i wanted for summer. i had this top on for barely five seconds before i knew it was going straight back. the quality of the fabric and the overall design are both very good. but the problem is that the top comes with an under-layer up top. this is normally a good thing; extra coverage in a sumer top generally means you ca go braless. the problem is that the top layer of the shirt is so shee
I bought this shirt to wear under a black skirt suit. the fabric does have some stretch to it however if you have a normal to above boob size ... beware! i have a 36d chest and the front of the shirt hit me to the point that i then looked preggers. it was one of those situations which reminded me why i do not buy empire dresses. in addition the fabric felt like something my grandmother would have used back in the 60's. it was a thick polyester type material. i think this shirt would still work f
I was so excited to get this robe in the mail but was beyond disappointed when i opened the package. the fabric is extremely stiff and thin. the fabric felt like something curtains would be made out of and the white background was see through. the robe is very short and cut small in the shoulders, therefore it looked like i was wearing a piece of children's clothing. i also ordered the matching pj pants but didn't even take them out of the package after seeing how rough and see through the mater
This dress hangs like a sack. it really needs a belt to give it some shape. i tried to style it with one, but then didn't look right either. i did like the slip that came with it. i'll be returning it.
I thought this was more like an oversized sweatshirt. not at all! i'm either a m or l and i bought a large and that was too small and too tight. it is more fitted. if you are looking for something more comfy, don't buy. however, if you want more of a fitted blouse feel, then go for it.
I did not like this cashmere sweater at all. i ordered the pink which was more of a peach color. although the color was very pretty the material was very thin and cheap looking . it was also very short . not worth the money even at 40% off.
I really liked the design. ordered a medium which was huge. also thought i would not be able to tolerate it because of the material -- a bit itchy. returned it.
The fit on this shirt is bizarre--it very much resembles a nursing top (but wouldn't actually work for that purpose). the side visible in the picture is nicely draped, but the other side can flap open and is completely different. i tried two different sizes and both were equally unfortunate!
I own some pure and good cotton tanks similar to this in black that i live in teaching dance. i was hoping these would be the same. i ordered the pale blue and it is completely see through and fits tight in the back and loose in the front. i have no desire to have a bra/sports bra show whether out the sides or through the fabric, it is tacky!
I was so excited about this top, and so disappointed when it arrived today. the lace part is lovely, but the skirt part is a crinoline type fabric that balloons out at the sides. it is gathered at the sides rather than pleated, and there is no way to get it to lay flat. the back center section is pleated. why couldn't they have had the pleats all around? this will be going back with much regret.
When i unwrapped this a chemical "stink" hit me that amost knocked me over. it was really unbearable and i m not overly sensitive to smells. second it was way too large with a boxy unflattering cut. the waist sits very high at elbow height and every below the waist the material balloons out in a rediculous manner. i wonder if they had it pinned down somehow on the picture here. with a more flattering cut i might have decided to wash it a few times to get the stink out. i do not recommend this fo
I do not even know where to begin with this product. i ordered a small (i go between small and medium) and felt that would be a good fit. after trying on the shirt, i would have opted for the xxxxxxxxs or whatever the smallest size is. this shirt is very boxy. i know its supposed to have a 'flow' to it, but this shirt is too much. it needs to be taken in. or have a belt wrapped around it. i tried the belt look but it did not look flattering. i found this color to be very blah. overall, i am slig
I have been looking at this sweater online since it first came out and i finally ordered it when it was 40% off. i ordered a size m petite, sadly when it arrived and i tried it on, it was very boxy, stiff like, and did not flow like it looked on the model online so i sent it back.
This was exactly the item i was looking for. simple, black, stylish.  unfortunately the fit is terrible and proportions completely off.  the upper arms, chest and hips were ridiculously tight and the whole look was uncomfortable and flattering.
I second that above review who states "worst blouse i've ever ordered"
There were no reviews, it's an "online exclusive" and thought it might look good with a nice skirt at an upcoming wedding. the spandex jersey back looks like sweat shirt material. on the white version of this, it is mismatched with an oatmeal color and white that just looks awful. as a busty 36d i was stunned to find myself swimming in a medium. it does not look like the photograph and the sleeve billow out. i feel like this had to have been clipped and tucked in for this photograph. i'm an anth
I am petite (5'). even the xsmall petite looked sloppy on me. i also disliked the nude fabric under the lace- it made it look cheap. i wanted this to be the perfect lbd, i  just couldn't make it work on my body.
Ah! i wanted to love this but without anything under it (as pictured), the petite sizing reveals way too much side boob. i am 5'3" and a small b cup. i ordered an xs petite. it fits but there isn't enough material under the armpits. the fabric and design is great other than this flaw. sadly returning.
I really wanted to love this dress, but i couldn't. it ran large and heavy. rather than a sleek cocktail dress, it felt more like a heavy sack once i put it on. there was one upside: the drape in the back did not appear to drop quite as low, so finding a bra to wear under the dress might be easier than if it draped as low as it appears in the picture.
Was really excited for this dress and couldn't be more disappointed. doesn't look anything like the pictures.  the fabric feels...cheap. it came wadded up in a ball and is a wrinkled mess.   looking beyond that, i tried it on and thought i had put it on incorrectly. unfortunately not. the top half doesn't sit correctly. it's so bizarre that it seems like a flaw in the design. it doesn't sit on your shoulders, but doesn't look right off your shoulders. the neckline is very high. also, front b
It is a shame when a product such as this is left on the website after so many comments reveal the item to be more defective in production than an opinion of size proportion. i read the reviews so had expected the item to run small so i ordered accordingly...this does not run small-this is not representative of any of the three categories one associates with women's apparel sizing. i am usually a small and the description by previous reviewers described the fit as being perfect for me-very small
I was very excited to receive this dress because of the cute photo. however, upon arrival i was completely disappointed. the color is much more drab than the photo. the smudged polkadots weren't attractive. there were many little bumps and pulls in the linen. the dress is super heavy. the pleats around the waist did not lay correctly. and it adds 10 pounds to your hips! super sad! i am sending it back.
This dress is just very unattractive. it is quite short-waisted, almost empire and so the pockets hit in an odd place. also it is very long - midi length - and the skirt is very wide. the effect is matronly, not cute at all. size-wise it fit true to size and it is a nice medium weight denim and the construction is good.
I read the other review that said the shirt was boxy, i didn't think it would be a terribly big deal. unfortunately, it is. normally i wear a size s, so i sized down o an xs. the shirt fits in the sleeves and neckline, but the shirt is still very box and now super short. unfortunately, this is going back. not a good fit. adorable details but the fit is terrible.
As the other reviewer stated the dress is not lined and the fabric feels very cheap. i tried the sp as well and felt i could have gone down to the xsp. i like the style and coloring but given the price and lack of quality this is going back.
Horrible fit. i do not understand why they but a aline dress with a skin non aline camisole under the dress.
This is a beautiful dress. however, it looked awful on me. i ordered the medium and it was huge. also, i looked 7 months pregnant. not a good style for the short person.
Luckily i bought this on sale... i now see the instructions online say to hand wash, but i bought mine in the store. the instructions on the tag said to wash delicate in cold water and tumble dry. i washed it in cold water and it shrunk to doll size.
Totally bummed. the pretty print doesn't outweigh the very odd fit of this dress. makes you look really top heavy and even the print, which looks so cute online, looks muddled in person. sadly, went right back.
I really wanted to love this piece but it was very large. i'm 5'2 and ordered xs/s and i have return due to size.
Since this sold out so fast i ordered an xsp which is too short (i'm 5'5"), it also is too big! the empire waist has no shape or flatter, the sleeves are huge, the neckline was falling off my shoulder, i put it on and instantly knew this was all wrong.   the print is very fun and my guess is that's what is attracting everyone to it.  it looked like a big floppy mess of cute fabric on me.  back it goes.
These jeans were so cute on- wore them a handful of times and they'd been washed twice. put them on and - rip! ripped right at the crotch in the front so not fixable- and on vacation no less when i had to scramble to find something else to wear. poor quality - disappointing and not what i expected from retailer. :-( they also run large even for a more relaxed fit- sized down for a good fit.
When i ordered this online, i should have paid more attention to the picture. the dress comes to the knees of the 5'10" model. i was swimming in small petite size. i checked the label and wondered whether i received the wrong size. nope, it was ps. either the dress was mislabeled, or this is cut huge. returning. too bad because the shape and color are cute.
This dress just fits weird. maybe it works for somebody..... there is a reason it has been put on sale...
I saw this dress in the catalog and immediately ran to the store to purchase. then i realized the dress in the catalog is slightly different, but the small differences is what makes the catalog dress so much more unique and worth the money! look at the top, the stripe colors are different. and the stripes flow different on the skirt part as well. and the dress was short on me and i'm two inches shorter than the model. bummer.
This dress looks cute online, but it is enormous. i bought a small, but it looked more like a 3x plus size. i tried it on, just in case, and honestly it looked like a great dress for a clown. this dress must have had two feet of fabric pinned behind the model in the photo.
I had high hopes for this top based on the photos, but when it arrived it is a very thin cheap feeling top. the color is a dusty rose color that has a yellowish mottle throughout it, almost like a tie dye or slub effect.  not pretty at all.
When i saw this top online, i thought i'd love it and immediately ordered it in both colors.  they arrived today and i am soooo disappointed.  i have never seen such drab colors.  the blue is a muddy grayish hue (like an overcast day) and the pink is a dusty shade of peach.  yuck.  and i was hoping the ruffle at the bottom would have a chiffon-like flowy effect.  instead, the ruffle is made of a cheap looking knit.  back these go...
Man, this dress is the worst. i don't understand how it looks the way it does on the model. agree with previous reviewer - there must be a minimum of 200 pins pulling the waves and waves of extra fabric back. this dress looks so cute , but is so, so, so disappointing in person. sweater collar and cuffs - stiff and bulky. dress - billowy and sack-like - not sure how they got a belt to pull it all in. save yourself the return and do not get sucked in by the sale price and extra sale discount like
So disappointed. i love retailer! this was a huge disappointment. i am 5'3" and 120 pounds. when i put it on, all i could think was that i looked just like a clown due to the big cowl neck and how large and round the dress made me look. if i wasn't so disappointed, i might have laughed. this had to have been a design mistake. i've truly never seen something so unflattering.
Such a great dress. fit is flattering. the small v cut in the front and beading around the neckline keep it from becoming a boring lbd. classy enough to wear to a funeral but can be dressed up with some killer shoes. thrilled with purchase!
This dress had so much potential. looked cute when i received it. put it on & couldn't wait to take it off. it's shapeless, top heavy & just overall unflattering. the material could be cute....on a totally different dress. don't waste your money.
This jacket was cute, however, i am normally a large with a bit of room to spare.  this has the irritating issue of not fitting under the arms and across the chest and shoulders.  it is not my shape as most other brands at retailer fit me. this jacket is not sized correctly.
Contrary to the first review, there is a zipper so while it wasn't easy to get on, it did fit over my bust. i found this too small and high waisted, and i already have a high waist so i can imagine it looking empire waisted on a normal torso. what i hated was the ridiculous inverted pleat in the front of the dress which is almost impossible to see in the online photo. it made my already busty frame even wider and more unflattering. the lining was nice and soft and the sleeve length and hemline l
These are light and airy and pretty. they also tore the third time i wore them and not on a seam - a little above the knee while i was lying in my bed.  they also do not slim the figure and the fabric is slightly see-through as it is so thin, therefore if you are looking for serious lounge pants - great - i would not leave the house in them... or turn over in bed in them.  when i sit, the slits fall down around my thighs. my son complimented my dress the other day because the slits give way
Bought the dress online and it only has an eye and hook at the top. the waist has no stretch and their isn't a zipper. you have to be a contortionist to get it over your head and shoulders. so cute in the pic but not realistic. going back.
Was excited to wear the dress for the first time. but while standing in front of the mirror putting makeup on, the seam between the body and sleeve just started to unravel. strangest thing - just a random hole appeared :(.
I look like i put a baggy bag over my head. also, the material really seemed like fake velvet to me.
I'm not sure if i only received part of this dress as a mistake, but i received the chiffon shell, but there was no slip as pictured. it makes it kind of difficult to wear when the entire thing is sheer. i had high hopes, but sadly, this is being returned. the xs is out of stock now, so i can't even reorder. bummer.
This skirt looks great on, i didn't even think before buying it, planning to wear it all summer. so the aesthetic is great. quality and design, not so much. you get exactly one good wear out of it before the folding absolutely disintegrates, it is not sewn in or built to last.   then, it looks like a cheap sarong over a cheap miniskirt. i thought the dry cleaner might be able to fix it, but they said they would have to resew the whole garment, not exactly what you want to hear with almost bran
I splurged on this pajama set for myself and now regret it. even though the design is adorable, the knitted fabric contains acrylic and started pilling a lot within the first week of wear. after a month and a couple washes, it looks horrible. it may be the worst case of pilling i've ever seen in a fabric. so so disappointed. it initially fit true to size but has stretched out a bit over time.
Loved how this draped and im super petite 5'1"(32b bust) and this was seriously one of the most ill fitting items i have every owned. i purchased the pxs and it was huge. i hope this has a better fit as the other reviewers seem to have a more positive review. i was just appalled as to how bad the measurements were off. unfortunately the straps are not adjustable so this went below my chest. too sad retailer, please get the fit right!!
This dress is beautifully made, but it does not flair slightly as in the photo, it stick out like a tent. it might be a good maternity dress. the fabric is somewhat stiff andheavy with a slight texture.
I was extremely disappointed when this arrived. it's nothing like the red color shown, rather it's a very dull reddish color. as other reviews have suggested, it is very thin and runs large. i have to return.
I tried this dress on in the store. i loved the fabric and color, but the fit was huge, no matter how much i sized down. there are full dresses and tunics that are supposed to be loose, but this was shapeless in an unflattering way. i was attracted to the style and color, but the execution left much to be desired.
I had high hopes for this sweater and when i found it on sale online, i jumped at the opportunity. i am 5'11", slender and always wear a small in retailer tops. i purchased this in the mint , size small and as soon as i opened the bag, i had doubts. the fabric is terrible, thin and scratchy. it is not soft and supple as i had imagined. the mint color looks faded and the shape is awful. the length of the arms hits in a bizarre spot, the overall length of the sweater cuts me off at the torso and the
Like the previous review said, i was excited to receive this top. i had grand visions of all the ways i could wear it! to my chagrin, when i put it on, it just fell right down and pooled around my waist. i wish there were smaller sizes to order. sadly, this is going back.
The buttons on the back are very tedious. you will need someone to help you. if you get past that hurdle, then you have the look of a little girl in a smock. way too big. like a nightgown. nice quality, but not practical.
I had to review this because i purchased before any reviews were up and now that i've received this dress i'm appalled by all the positive reviews!!! this dress is hideous in person. seriously hideous. and even if you can get past the drapery fabric, it's incredibly restricting. the picture online is so misleading. the dress isn't even an ivory it's more of a pea green! so disappointed.
This coat is awful, just awful. i bought it based on the reviews, my husband said it looks like i am wearing a mattress. it looked awful. i really really liked the softness and that it wasn't like another puffer coat, it was also stretchy and the buttons super easy to wear, but the look, style, and design make it very unflattering. it looked so bad that i took it off right away. so disappointing!
This shirt was great for one wear. after just one wash (followed instructions to dry clean) it lost all shape and now hangs like a bed sheet. terrible waste of money on a pricey top.
I loved the shirt until i washed it! awful fabric quality. cheaply made.
I ordered a size smaller prr other reviewers but that still didn't prepare me for the sweater's issues. it looks really cute but the quality is pretty horrendous. i wore it for the first time today and already the sweater is pilling a lot on my back. seriously heartbroken.
I'm disappointed in these pants, which looked so beautiful online and even have pockets! in person the pattern and colors aren't as nice, the fabric is too thin, and the pants look cheap. the pockets are pretty shallow. the fit isn't good either. i ordered up (i'm between sizes) and they're still not as flowy as i'd have liked. these are too pricy as lounge pants for me to be on the fence about them, so they're going back. if you buy them knowing about the thin fabric and snug fit, they might wo
I was intrigued by the pattern of this blouse (the purple version) but the design is terrible for me. it's boxy, i didn't like the fabric, and the arm ruffles are bizarre. it's going back tomorrow.
Generally, i find sizing at retailer to be very consistent, so i ordered this dress in the same size that i order all of my other retailer dresses. the bust was way to small. so i had to go and return this and have the next size up shipped to me. it's till way too small! in addition, the shipping was terrible - the dress was just dumped into a bag with no attempt to fold this, and the right strap was defective! it's so irritating that i have to return this again!
The fit was not flattering at all, but the worst part was the colors were really dull and not bright as shown in the online photos.
I agree with the other reviewer about the great colors, but when i took this off the rack to try one, you can see through both layers of fabric. i thought, insulting quality, for the price. i imagine the holes would start after one wearing.
Material is strange. triangle top is funky. this is just not awesome in any way.
I agree with the other reviewers - the fabric is beautiful - although i wish they would start making blouses again that didn't require you to wear a cami underneath because of sheerness. i mean for the price shouldn't it be lined or something. when did our expectations on fabric quality get so low. but i knew going in that it would be sheer so i can't really complain too much. plus they are so loosely sewn on that after 20 minutes and only half the buttons undone one fell off. i gave up at that
This dress didn't work for me at all. i'm 6ft tall, 160lb, i usually wear size l 8/10, but based on the reviews i ordered an m. the material of this dress is very soft and fuzzy, color is about the same as pictured, also length is appropriate. dress is very thick and warm, the fabric however has no stretch at all, dress is very specious and shapeless. there is allot of room everywhere except shoulders & sleeves, i thought that area was tight & snug which is strange because it runs large everywhe
A serious joke. i struggled with the buttons for a good 10 minutes and gave up after the 3rd button. i'm not sure what they were thinking.
Although i love retailer, this product isn't the quality or presentation i expect from them. the dress arrived stuffed into a small plastic bag and was a crumpled mess. the fabric wasn't soft and fluid as i expected, but rather was stiff and a little scratchy. i purchased the ecru version, which was also slightly darker than the photo showed. i returned the dress and will keep looking.
I ordered the ivory of this dress, expecting it to be a nice dress i could wear into my second trimester of pregnancy. instead, i received a dress that looks like a ugly, vintage-gone-wrong curtain of fabric. the 'ivory' is the color of yellowed newspapers. the fabric was cheap and had thread pieces sticking up all over the place. i would've been better off sewing myself a dress out of drapes a la gone with the wind or sound of music. the fit isn't that great, either. big and boxy. it could acco
The material is horrible, it's heavy and cheap. the skirt does not "flow" as it appears in the photo. instead the bottom part of the skirt just stands out like ruffles. am returning.
On a hot summer 90 degree day the blue ink on the dress stained the dress and my new tory burch bag. i would never have expected that the blue print would bleed all over me and my new dress. great dress and such a wonderful fit...too bad its unwearable now.
Cut out design, no seems or hems.  very disappointed in retailer
I was so excited to order this dress. i loved that it had a normal neck, nice length, and there wasn't a hole in the back. but this dress is just plain awful. the top fit tight across the bust, it flattened me out like i was wearing a too tight sports bra. then the back zipper puckered and bumped up like there is too much zipper for the fabric. i could not get the zipper to lay flat. the fabric is itchy and very cheap feeling. on top of it all the colors are much brighter than they appear in the
I wished these fit a little better. unfortunately, they were a little tight in the thighs and if i didn't pull the waist of the pants up, i had sagging crotch and the pockets hung out. needless to say i made a return.
The small, zipped and laid flat, measures 16" across at the bottom of the armholes, 11" at the waist and 18" from shoulder seam to bottom edge. it's too small for a size 0, and not by just a little! too bad, because it really is very pretty.
Poor quality, material looks much thinner and cheaper than pictured.
The neckline is very tight and itchy. the arm holes are deeply cut. the length is not as long in person as it is on the model in the picture. it's short-waisted. it's too bad because the embroidery is very pretty.
The first time i wore this tank it started pilling around the arms and down the sides. it is terribly quality, and gets worse with every wear and wash. possibly the worst wear on a new clothing item i've ever seen. like the design and fit, immediately relegated it to a weekend/home shirt because it was unprofessionally pilly and the pills are small so can't be shaved off.
This top looks beautiful online. when i got it, it looks nothing like the pic. it's wide, too much fabric, no shape and so unflattering. it's definitely going back
I was really disappointed when i tried this top on. the design and cut of the neckline is very bulky and just off. the cut of the top overall was just off.
Very unflattering and no shape or flair. lots of extra material but no swing or shape. do not recommend.
I love the idea of this top, but there is just way too much fabric involved in person! i'm 5'2 and usually wear a small or medium to accommodate a fuller chest. i ordered a small and it fit fine around the chest but the huge swing hem combined with the slightly stiff fabric is just enormously unflattering. i feel like they could have made about 3 shirts out of it. i think the picture must have it pinned a ton in the back, the silhouette is nothing like shown. if there were just less fabric, i wo
This top doesn't at all fit like it does on the model. the mid section is very wide and boxy and the material is thick and almost sweatshirt-like. i typically wear size small or 4, but perhaps an xs might've fit or looked better. sadly i must return this shirt.
I really wanted to love this top, but there is way too much fabric. it looks nothing like the pictures. it was more like a maternity top vs. a swingy top. i'll be returning this one.
I keep trying to find a peplum that works for me, but so far i have been unsuccessful. i just do not think that my shape and the peplum shape play well together?aside from the peplum issue, this shirt had a massive amount of material and runs large. the material alone is thick, making it a bulkier shirt, then add the volume of the peplum and i looked (and felt) huge. needless to say, this one was returned, sale or no sale.
Did not work for me. whatsoever. the stripes were adorable but the piece just didn't fit like on the model. the collar was practically choking me and the tie just didn't make my figure look the way it normally does. aka i looked frumpy and chunky, which i'm not. going back.
So this may be my least favorite thing i have ever bought from retailer. this top had so much extra material it was like wearing a bag or parachute. it looked a million times cuter in the photos.
Granted that i am not as reed thin, or as young, as the model. but i am tall and reasonably slender. i have long hands and small wrists, which would be a factor in the overall effect of this garment. this poncho looked like some sad old stretched out who-knows-what that you'd keep in the car for emergency purposes, in case you needed warmth if the car broke down in a snowstorm -- and i have one of those foldable reflective blankets in the glove box for that purpose. i was looking for a statement
I saw this sweater on-line and loved it until i tried it on. i'm 5-7, flat chested, 135 pounds and i ordered a size small. the sweater fit everywhere except for my arms. this sweater will work great if you are short. consider making your sweaters a little longer, because i do not consider myself tall.
I love this outfit so much and bought the skirt pictured with the top on the model in high hopes my quest for the perfect date night outfit would be ended. not so. for starters the top is much more of a beige in person. a horrible unflattering color that few can get away with successfully. secondly there is just so. much. fabric. it billows and bunches all over the place to wear it out like that as shown would be silly and to tuck it in looks like i've tried to hard to make it "work", lastly the
I sized way down and this top was still shapeless and tent-like. the sweatshirt fabric overpowered the cute, feminine details.
I love the dress as shown in the photo. thankfully i had a chance to see the dress in the store. it is sheer. can see thru it. can not wear this to work.
I am 5' 7" - 110 lbs. ordered my normal xs and the bottom portion was way over sized. it fit like a parachute, you could fit about 12 of me in the bottoms and very short. nice quality material, but extremely awkward fit.
Dress is nice but can't be worn without tights or you are at a risk of indecently exposing yourself. it is around 30" in length so is more of a tunic than a dress. i'm only 5'1 and it was too short . can't imagine anyone taller even trying to wear this !
I took the advise of a reviewer and sized down to xs. i am 5'6 and 110. i could take them off without unbuttoning them, they were hugh, even the xs! they looked like a halloween costume. even at the discounted sale price, awful and kind of made me laugh. but i guess that's why they are still available at this sale price.
I purchased this jacket in my local store. size 10 and runs really small . i love the color combination and design but the fabric in my opinion is poor quality. i have seen a lot of retailer use this poly spun knit in so much of their items and the jacket after bringing it home and looking in the light was already showing pilling. looks like it is worn in an bad way. returned the next day. this was a big disappointment and every time i see this fabric being used in retailer clothes it makes me mad.
This is the tiniest blazer i've ever purchased in a size 10. i usually wear an 8, but sized up based on other reviews and it was still too small. it's very attractive but please size true to size
Agree with other poster. this shirt runs very big. i'm all for a flowy, shirt that hides my belly but this is just a tent. i'll be retuning it.
This top is very soft and well made. for my short and curvy figure, it is very unflattering. i considered altering it, but there is no way to do it. it gapes in the front and if you have a waist at all, it won't show because this top is boxy and full in that area. if you are tall and slim, it might be perfect, so give it a try.
The sweater runs large, the sweater is designed in such a way that it looks very sloppy. i would never be able to wear it out of the house. however, the material is exceptionally soft and delightful. keeping as its a great stay at home & lounge sweater, but way over priced for this purpose. if you can get the fabric to lay correctly, you're a genius.
Usually i really like deletta and know the sizing and shapes. this top looked pretty in the pics and i thought it would be a nice change from a tee. it was baggy, hung low and the layers just looked boxy and shapeless.
Extremely cute sweater, but after having worn it twice it's already pilling up. i'd expect more for a $100 sweater.
Bought this shirt on sale. it was super cute in the dressing room, and for the first time i wore it. washed it per the instructions (wash delicate with cold water, lay flat to dry) and it shrunk so much i don't think i'm going to be able to wear it anymore. it was oversized and loose when i bought it, so it shrunk a lot. there is also a small hole all of the sudden, that i have no idea where it came from (wasn't there when i put it in the washer). very disappointed.
When i tried it on, it was a bit shapeless, but it was on a promo so i decided to get it. i kind off like shapeless. i've worn it three times and washed it gently in the machine as recommended (in a lingerie bag, always) and air dried it. it now has a huge rip on the sleeve seam, and i cannot see how this happened. the inner lining is soft and substantial  but the outer gauze layer is thin.
I love the photo of this and because the reviews were so positive i ordered it. i was shocked when i opened the package. first, the fabric is not the silky rayon cotton blend i was expecting. it looks and feels more like a cheap cotton. it does not have the drape or feel or look i expect in a kimono, which brings me to the second disappointment. it is not a kimono at all. it has no kimono sleeve, no sleeves at all in fact. just a slit in the side of the body of the garment you put your arm throu
I was really excited when i ordered this dress for na upcoming beach vacation but was very disappointed when i finally saw it in person. it reminded me of those christmas nightgowns from the 90s with the red and white ruffles. pass!
Loved the colors but the fit was less to be desired. very wide under arms & too much material. looks more like a maternity dress. i ordered a small petite & would have needed the xs but now it is no longer available. oh well. returning this.
I had such high hopes for this dress, but unfortunately it misses the mark completely. the design is flawed in that you cannot raise your arms to shoulder length. for someone who is 5'3, 105lbs, the dress has no shape and looks like something from zoolander's derelict campaign. i think one must have a specific body type for this dress, but regardless, they'll have to keep their arms at their sides.
Noticed all the 5 star reviews online for the latest pilcro stets- so due to the past 2 years of dissapointment of what was once a great pair of jeans....i was hopeful that retailerpologist listened and went back to the original pilcro stet formula- thick denim, just the right amount of give and a flattering 10 inch rise. walked right in and found them- and i knew right when i touched them- they were still the thin denim that's nowhere near the quality they once were. consumers pay attention and t
It's such a pretty top but i felt that it looked maternity-ish so i returned it.
I loved them on when i got them, but they literally frayed apart on my body as i wore them, and i had them on no more than 5 times. it was not a fit issue or a seam issue; they literally just frayed apart in two areas.  while flattering and incredibly comfortable, the fabric was not at all durable...they are not your typical  denim,  they almost kind of a knit feel them.
I bought a pair of these in stone and after the first wash they become all splotchy. i chalked it up to perhaps there was bleach leftover in the my washer. although nothing else in the load was blotchy. i then, because i loved the cut of these pants, bought another pair in the darker blue color. the same thing happened after the first wash. again, nothing else in that wash load was the least bit ruined -- just my new retailer pants! such a bummer-- definitely a dye issue. i called the stores i pur
My husband never has anything negative to say about my clothes until i wore these pants! they are not flattering and kept stretching out until i could pull them off without unzipping them! baggy in the behind and sloppy looking. they are going back asap!
Bought the gold pair and dripped something on them so spot cleaned them with water only. my white washcloth turned bright yellow. the food came out but surrounding area was super faded. so i returned them, took the second pair home, wore them a few times, they stretched out so much, washed them in cold water and they have splotches that are really light. these pants are way too much trouble.
I bought a pair of these a month ago and first time i washed them they came out with light spots all down the leg. i figured i did something wrong so i bought another pair in the same color and one in sage. just washed both pairs according to care instructions (no spills, stain remover, or anything but detergent) and both came out with light spots all down the leg. very sad to have wasted all that money.
Do not waste your money on this. at first, i bought pilcro hyphen chinos short and i loved it. so i bought this pants in store too. i laundry them yesterday and they both came out colorless. i was so shock.  fyi, i did not use bleach or chrolox, i mean i don''t use them.i will return them both. still mad. this is bad quality enough worth it.
I wore these pants to work and they fit and looked great! however the first time i put them through the wash they became all discolored and are completely stained and now are unwearable. very disappointing. did not spend that much money to wear a pair of pants once.
Do not buy these pants!  the first time i washed these pants i ended up with big faded spots, and i followed the washing instructions.  i bought another pair and the same thing happened.  i'm out a bunch of money!
I bought the yellow pair on vacation last week and loved them! i wore them home on the plane and had a pony tail holder in my pocket (basic goody binder), and there is a circle stain where the binder was! so strange! i sprayed them with spray and wash and washed them. the stain is still there and now it is discolored in the area i treated them! they are ruined! i am so disappointed and i only got one wear out of them!
Similar to others here, these pants were ruined after one wash. the first pair i bought simply faded after one wash, which was okay, but the second pair got weird splotches on the backside. i'd rather not call attention to that particular area of my body;) could've been a great addition to my wardrobe if they were better quality.
I loved these pants. they fit perfectly. and then i washed them. like the other reviewers the pants came out with spots all over them. the color seems to have faded in splotchy patterns. so sad.  wondering if retailer will provide store credit or something to make it right?
I have purchased a lot from retailer but lately, some of the items have been disappointing in quality.verses cost, this being one. the picture is nice but the actual blouse is nothing like this. the size was not accurate so buy a size bigger because of the sleeves.
The picture makes the pants appear flattering and comfortable. but they are not flattering at all. they seemed much bigger than they should have been and the "fold over" portion was not necessary.
I agree with the first reviewer exactly. beautiful fabric and "idea" of dress (looks stunning on model), but huge and shapeless in person like a tent. not at all what i expected when ordering a 2 petite. sadly, has to be returned.
I was really disappointed in the shirt. the blue embroidery is a lot darker than what is shown in the photo, and barely stands out against the black. the photo does not accurately depict this shirt. i will be returning.
This is an extremely flattering dress. i couldn't resist buying it, even though i didn't come into the store looking for a dressier dress, which i feel this is. once i tried it on, i had to purchase it. its one of those things that i know i won't regret because at some point, an occasion will show up that i'll wear it to. its soft, comfy and flowing and accentuates the body's curves without being too tight or clingy. its a classic!
After reading all the reviews and sizing down one size. i got my top size m, i usually wear m/l depending on the style. i'm 6 ft tall, 160 lb, i like my clothing loose but not as loose as this top. i should have gone to xxxxxs if such exists. no wonder there is such a low leap in price. it is a good quality though, and very nice pale peach color. no would not recommend, unless you wear 3xxxl
This looked beautiful online, but the skirt isn't 100% silk - the strips of fabric have different fiber content levels, with most of them containing some level of polyester. parts of the skirt felt like plastic to touch, and one strip has a very prominent gold sheen that looks cheap. overall very disappointing - this is not at all the beautiful silk skirt that it appears to be online.  a definite return. i wouldn't even recommend this at first or second cut.
The fabric of this looks and feels so cheap it's hard to believe this is anna sui. i would say this is unwearable. there is zero stretch and it is made of itchy textured poly fabric that looks like novelty fabric at best. going back asap.
This is very large.  i normally am a s/m and i took this in an x.  it is a beautiful dress in color and fit but picks up any stain and i have had to have it dry cleaned after every use.
When i tried this top on, i started laughing. the two rows of ruffles are made of a starchy thick cotton, which, instead of falling by the hips, juts out like wings. it's also huge. cute idea, wrong material and placement.
This looks like the perfect easy sweater with the white shirt appeal to it, but sadly the fit of this number is really off. it looks more like a tent. it must have been clipped in the back or something. i cannot see any scenario in which this would look good...
Fits and lots nothing like picture. very wide like a tent dress!
Love this top! it's pretty, unique and well made. i did size down to a small for reference and still have a slightly oversized look.
I loved the criss cross part of this tank. however, it looked so frumpy on. the cut was just odd and if you are petite it felt like a tent. i was so bummed because that criss cross was awesome but it just looked so weird on. i returned it. the material felt nice too.
The styling of this top is so cute but the fabric is thin, kind of scratchy & has almost no give to it.  it is very uncomfortable on & is very restricting as far as movement is concerned.   cannot recommend - back it goes!
I love the teal color of this t-shirt and the macrame design at the top is beautiful, however, the top is way too large.  i usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops, so i ordered the size s, there is so much fabric below the chest it fits like a maternity top.  i know if i order an xs, i will have the same problem.  below the bust, the top is not flattering and it&amp;#39;s a shame.
This reminded me of big bird in person and just adds volume to your body. i'm thin and usually wear a size 0, so i'm not sure who this may look good on.
Hahaha..this dress is hilarious! it looks nothing like the image! i am usually a 0/xs, and 4 was the smallest size available, so i ordered it. when i opened it, it felt like 10 lbs of fabric. i thought maybe i ordered a size way too big, until i could barely squeeze into the top of the dress. once i looked in the mirror, i almost fell over laughing. the rest of the dress is huge. i don't believe this dress would be flattering on anyone.
I ordered these along with the regular ag stevie jeans and there is a definite difference in fabiric and cut. i liked the darker fabric but it was thinner and stretchier that the more "denim" version. the cut was also looser in the thigh and seat area which made for a looser, less flattering fit. returned it and kept the regular ag stevie.
I was really excited about this sweater, but the fit was terrible. the sleeves were the right size, but the body of the sweater was a tent - absolutely no shape. they must have clipped the sweater on the model. for reference, i'm 5'4 and 120 pounds and ordered a size small.
This skirt is gianormous! i usually take an xl or l, so i ordered both. the waistband on the xl was so huge, i didn't even try it on. i feared it would not stay up! so i tried the large, and it was big as well. i think i would have needed a medium. but as it is, it is not the cute a-line that appears in the picture. (i wonder how they even got it to look like that !?!?!) it is huge, hip-y, and bunchy. yuck.
Very small! so disappointed! they did not even have a size for me to exchange a day later when they arrived!
Legs are too wide. the fabric is rough to the touch.
This suit was high quality, and a cute design. however, it is clearly made for a lean body type.
I was very excited about ordering this top as i'm tall girl (6 ft) and i like my back well covered. i liked both style and design of the top on photo but when the package arrived i was very disappointed with the material. this top is incredibly thin and see through. though fabric is nice and soft, it feels more like a pajama top. all curves & bumps immediately stand out and it doesn't look flattering. i ordered 2 colors grey and black size large and returned both, although they were true to size
Not a pretty blouse - it's quite utilitarian in design - and it runs enormous.
The cut of the top portion of the dress is off. i tried on the s in-store & it bunched up in the breast area. i ordered a sp hoping the petite would fix the problem - nope - still bunched up. for reference i am a 34b. i would have kept the dress and given 5 stars if it wasn't for said flaw.
This top is quite boxy and i was very disappointed with the color, it looked as if i'd washed it in filthy water. it's a very dingy white, needless to say it went back.
I'm 5'7", 130 lbs. i ordered a medium-regular. the dress fell three inches above my knees. this model is taller than i am, and it falls to her knees....doesn't make sense. i think retailer sends petites in place of regular.
After reading the previous reviews i thought sizing down would be a great idea. as soon as i pulled it out of the bag i knew that the xs/s was still wayyy too big. for reference i am 5'3 and a 34ddd and usually wear an 8 but this thing was enormous. it was shapeless and boxy but done so horribly it looked like i was pregnant. it has an adjustable draw string at the bottom which helps to make you look like a balloon. such a disappointment. the design was lovely and it looked very high quality and
Saw this on line and decided to "splurge" for the holidays. arrived today and is going right back. runs very small especially in the waist. trim is a cheap ribbed fabric with a zipper. fabric is not elegant looking as in the picture, appears cheap and very itchy. sooooo disappointed.
This jacket is just too small for me anyway and i am no way big. i am tall and athletic and this thing looked like it had shrunk in the wash. there are so many better fitting other types out there, this went back
Love the jacket! so versatile! would probably order up a size if you like a loose fit.
This top looked positively vulgar on!!!! i am a 34d, and it was way too low cut...my boobs were spilling out!!! in addition, the fabric reminded me of a cheese cloth.....it just looked and felt cheap. unfortunately, this top will be going back.
Ordered on line and thought these are a great quality as i pulled them out of the box. tried them on and found minimal elastic for the waist. within minutes of wearing, the waist fell down past my hips...glad i was at home. looks cute but will not stay up.
I wanted to love these, they are cute and warm - but they have absolutely no elasticity. i'm so mad at myself for not reading the reviews because i ended up wasting money on shipping 2 pairs of leggings that i ultimately took right back to the store.
#childsize. not sure where this went wrong but it's going back immediately. always wear a 0-2 in retailerpologist skirts, this size 0 runs at least two sizes too small. the material is beautiful, but if i got the size i needed i would be entirely swallowed by fabric. so disappointing.
I loved the look of these pants in the pictures online and i loved the way that they fit. however when i got my pair, the flower placement was completely different. the whole front was black and there were just flowers running out of the crotch seams. i ordered another pair hoping they were just cut wrong, but those were even worse. they looked obscene.
I have quite a few pairs of retailer pants and jeans. my favorites are the cords i got last year, similar to these, so when i saw this fun pair, i had to have them. i ordered both the 32 and the 33 to try on.  they are even more beautiful in person than online. and they are so, so small. it wasn't like they were a tad snug--i couldn't even get the button across to meet the buttonhole. on the 33.  i've never had a problem fitting into retailer pants before. this was an extra-depressing first time
A truly unwearable slip: scratchy fabric, bunchy skirt, teeny bodice. it feels like you are wearing wrapping paper--the foil kind.
So wanted great pair of sweater leggings...great for running errands and keeping the outfit simple. these are not that. these fit very poorly...i ordered the small, which is more like a large one in the waistline...there is nothing to hold these up and i could fit two of me in them. unfortunately, i thought all would be fine and i discarded the receipt and have worn them a few times~
I am so sad i have to return these leggings. they're adorable--so much so that my fianc commented favorably on them--but as other reviewers have pointed out, there's no elastic or string in the waistband so you have to walk around holding them up with one hand or they'll fall down! why, sleeping on snow? whyyyyyyyyyyy? they're so great otherwise!
I felt like this shirt cut me in the strangest way. the waistband is very fitted, but there is so much extra fabric above and below it that it poofs out like crazy and made me look like a had a droopy chest and wider hips. it's also see through.   fit is tts.
This shirt looks nothing like the fit in the pictures. it is short and very wide. i had read the previous reviews and thought i could take it in on the sides some but it is literally the shape of a trapezoid.
This blouse is a disappointment! it runs so large, it looks ridiculous. the cute is super wide and flared. they must have it pinned on the model. it is not flattering at all. i really thought this could be cute. not worth the money either! it's expensive and ill-fitting. for reference i am 5'3 and 123lbs and wear a 2 or 4.
Sadly, this has to go back. i am 5'5", 128 lbs and this shirt is super short on me. very short. and it's so wide it's almost a trapeze cut. the overall effect is 50s/60s style maternity shirt. which is disappointing because the fabric is beautiful, the detail is nice in person, even the sleeve cuffs are great. i am not very tall and i'm fairly thin on top so i can get away with a lot of styles, loose and tight. the combo of short and trapeze is just unflattering.
I really wanted to like this dress. the color is perfect, the design and cut are cut (not always the case at retailer). however, the fabric quality was terrible - a shiny acrylic with cheap nylon lace. it looked like something from a discount store and had to go back.
Retailer has incredible service, and so they let me return this dress even after having worn it. however, this dress cannot be cleaned. i saw a stain on it after the first use, so i first tried hand washing it. however, the black part of the dress came off on the white part, making the stain worse. i then tried dry cleaning it (the care tag allows both) and that produced 3 or 4 new stains where the black rubbed off on the white. it's a beautiful, striking dress (that would be great maternit
I have never written a review before, and i love retailer and shop here often. however, i am so unhappy with this shirt i wanted to share to save someone else money. it is such poor quality, it looks thick and flows in the photo, it is very thin and it itches so bad, i could hardly even stand to try it on when it came in the mail. i will deff be taking it back, and do not recommend it at all.
I had to return this blouse because it ended up been too small and super itchy. im kind of busty but medium usually works and this one was super tight across my chest. not comfortable at all and the fabric is kind of a sheer with the sparkly lines in silver. wouldn't recommend it.
The material is so thin and so itchy..like other reviewers stated..it itches so bad and feels like sandpaper..i thought it would be ok to wear a tank top underneath but sleeves are still itchy. otherwise the design is great and the long peplum hem is very pretty and would look great with skinny pants or leggings and boots
I am not in love with this top and will be returning it. from the front it looks like a basic tee (which i expected) but the back "x" is too loose and slumps to the side so that it doesn't look like an "x" as the picture shows. so basically the focal point of the tee falls short.
These pants fit tts and are ask pictured in length on me (5'5"). i can go between a 4 and a 6, and tried the 6 and they were fine. that said, the fabric completed turned me off. it is that sort of stretch fabric with a sheen to it. i did not find them to be the wonderful wardrobe basic i thought they'd be- the fabric is just too stiff, and the sheen made them feel cheap, unfortunately.
I purchased these pants while on vacation because i thought they'd be the perfect addition to my comfy travel wardrobe. on my second wear, i happened to be on a long-haul flight when the entire side seam split about a food long on my upper, outer thigh. luckily i'd packed a back-up dress. the pants weren't tight at all, but the seams wren't strong enough to handle a little pressure from sitting i guess. poor construction. i would not recommend these.
I'm 5 ft 7 125 lbs true size 4 and these pants made me look like i had boy parts. super disappointed!
I ordered this top in a 14, my usual size, and it fits fine, but it is way too short-waisted! it looks nothing like what the model is wearing. her top comes low on her waist, almost to her crotch area. mine was just about 2 inches below my belly button! it was almost as if they accidentally cut off the lower half of the top at the factory! very strange.
I love cotton fabric, so i was very excited to find this shirt in gorgeous fall colors. i have the dark red/burnt orange color, and it is pretty. but i have worn the thing once, and today when i put it on again, i found 2 holes on the front of the shirt. so disappointed.
Absolutely beautiful top, worn once...hand washed and that's all she wrote..ruined!! the black trim bled all over the top!! i tried everything you could imagine to get this back to normal! do not recommend!! :(
I tried on an xs and it was boxy/roomy in the torso and the pocket on the wrist/forearm area made my arm look too bulky when i rolled the sleeves up like the model pictured. i love the idea of a relaxed fit cropped leather jacket in a versatile taupe color but when i tried this one on in person, it took me back to my childhood. i used to help my dad wash his cars when i was a kid and he used a leather chamois ("shammy" for short) that was awesome for soaking up water. and that's what it felt lik
This top really is lovely. i had high hopes of it looking smashing with black jeans. i wash everything before i wear it. though this garment says it needs to be dry cleaned, there was nothing so delicate about the fabric that it had to be dry cleaned. so i hand washed it with delicate soap. when the lighter colors came into contact with the black, the black immediately stained the light color. i tried putting some stain remover on the black stains, rinsed and hung it above my bath tub. it is cur
I thought this dress looked so cute and comfortable and was excited to try it on, and i was majorly disappointed. it was incredibly unflattering, in every way. as a few of the other reviewers mentioned, if you have any sort of bust the dress will not hang nicely, the waist band was too high up and made me look pregnant. i'm 5'2 and curvy and usually take a lg in retailer, but this...ewww! i will say the color and material are gorgeous, but i'm guessing this is the type of dress that would look bes
There are darts that are not shown in this picture that make the dress ill fitted. not sure why they are not in the picture and on the dress. i wish the pictures shown were more accurate.
I was hoping these would be like some of the lace shorts i bought from retailer last year that i loved so much. sadly, no. first of all they run small. i am between a s and xs in most brands, bought a s in these because i like my shorts on the looser side. these felt a little snug and short, but i decided to keep them. the first time i washed them, they were ruined. i followed the directions exactly and even put them in a lingerie bag in the washer, plus a delicate cycle, no dryer. the lace is man
If you have any curves, avoid! it is not flattering. the striped side panels look odd with the flow of the dress.
I am a size 2 and the skirt fit however it is so thick and voluminous, it looked like a pirate sack. it's unfortunately going back.
I'm sure there's someone out there who will look good in this but it certainly wasn't me. admittedly, i'm a less than ideal body type at a curvy 5' tall. still for a taller person this shirt runs short, for a curvy person this does nothing to accentuate a waist, for a short person this pattern is very busy even if the colors are beautiful, for a busty person the gathers around the chest make for a very frumpy look, and even for a short and thin person this shirt runs too big to get a good fit. c
Wow this is huge! i'm all for the tent-look with the right style, but this was absurd. i could have fit two of me into the width, and with the peplum style, extra width doesn't flatter anyone. the fabric is also so thin that it doesn't hang nicely, it kind of floats around the body. if you want a wide top, then this is perfect, but if you wanted something that hangs nicely, look elsewhere. i purchased a petite s, my typical size.
This dress is a potato sack! from the picture i thought it was going to be a cute drop waist dress but the tailoring is so weird!! and it's huge on me, so maybe it would be better if i sized down but again based on the tailoring i think not. also the fabric is strange, not at all what i expected. i'm so sad :( i was really excited about this dress.
I have never had a purchase go wrong at retailer, which is why i am was not hesitant to spend this much money on the blazer. however, the quality is very poor - it feels like it might fall apart after one clean. also, the buttons where not sewn on properly. i wear an xs and the size was a good fit, but the overall quality was not worth the price (or even close to it).
I should have read the reviews first before ordering this top/!. ***buyers beware**: you will not get the same top delivered to you, as is shown in this picture. the top i got delivered does not have the little straps at all, and while there is a bow in the back, the back sides do not come together the same to form the bow. i hate to write a bad review, but come on retailer! i'd never expect this from you. it looks like any other peplum white top, not something special like the picture is o
I loved this t-shirt when i first tried it on: a good cut--not too drapey or fitted. but then i washed it (laid flat to dry) and it shrunk so much that it's unwearable now. so disappointing.
The back of the shirt has a tag stitched in with red thread that goes through to the outside of the shirt. it is very visible and looks terrible - especially since the back is the focal point of the shirt. do not recommend
I usually love tops like this, i bought this is the store because if was so soft. got it home and was so disappointed because it is not very flattering at all.would be a great house top though because it is soft enough to sleep in.
I loved the fit and vibrant color of this dress. it's loose and flows but doesn't look like a potato sack. i wore it once and got a ton of compliments. that said, i hand washed it, as the tag states, then let it line dry, and it shrunk to half its size! i re-checked the tag and noticed that under the hand wash instructions it then states "dry clean recommended." boo. so disappointed that i spend over $100 for a dress i wore once.
I purchase this top of "what i thought to be a beautiful denim tunic/top" in a small on the sale rack with additional promo with beautiful details , but what is going on with the mid-section where there is at least 6 inches of space where there is no button or way to close the lower placket! and the lower bottom of placket is sewn shut so it makes the mid section bubble out, but why no buttons to close what would be a button down top???? you can slide your hand through this open space and it ope
Dress just did not fit will around the hips.  also the string belt was defective - basically about to come off.  looks like someone may have wore it and returned it.  was not flattering at all.
I am petite and ordered size small, and it came looking like gym sweat pants. the material was very nice, but in terms of the waist and length size, both run incredibly large. the cuff of the joggers are also not elastic at all, and hangs loose widely. will have to return this item, unfortunately.
I tried this dress on in an xs petite. the dress runs slightly bigger, it sort of looked like a tent on me, whereas other xs p dresses at retailer fit tts. the other thing is that the dress just doesn't look like an almost $200 dress. the band that runs across the bust goes under the arms too. it isn't sewn in though, and it was folding down under the arms, making it look like its ripping off. the collar too seemed to pull down right in the center, as if the material was too heavy to stand it's we
I ordered this tee despite the price. the fabric is very thin and the quality was poor. nice concept for a tee, but failed in quality and value. it was returned.
I was so excited to try these, it's hard to find cute bermuda shorts. the legs were so wide. my husband asked if i was wearing his shorts. they don't look that wide in the picture. i am 5'4" and 130 lbs i bought my regular size 28 but the waist was huge i could have sized down one or two sizes. unrolled they came to my knee.
I would say the skirt runs two sizes too small. i usually wear a size medium and based on other reviews, i purchased a large. i could barely get the skirt over my hips. even if it fit in the waist, it was much too short on me and i'm 5'2". it's a cute skirt but it is fit for a tween.
Yikes. there is a whole lot of skirt here. i am 5"4, weigh around 120 lb, and usually wear anywhere between a four and six in retailer clothing, depending on the designer. this skirt balloons out from the waist. on the website it seems to flow more naturally from the waist. i think that the flowers are cute but the material is cheap looking. the skirt is very long- hitting way below mid-calf. there is also tons of material - creating a parachute effect. definitely returning.
I loved the look of this blouse online. i really wanted a cute eyelet top for summer. the blouse looked great out of the package but the fit was not good. i am a 00p and 32 b bra size, this top was too tight across my chest but billowed out in the back. its as if the armholes were too far forward. it is fairly short but i am short waisted. i really wanted this top to work but i had to return it. if i went up one size the back of the blouse would have been ridiculously large and the top was too e
I should have paid closer attention to the other reviews. i could barely get this blouse over my head! after getting it on, the armholes too are very small. the blouse other than that is pretty and very girlie. i love the pleating and dolman sleeves but i was strangled around my neck. i tried the small but think a medium wouldn't have been much better. it needs a button opening on neck and sleeves. i would have to put this on before makeup or doing my hair.  if you have a tiny head and pencil a
I sized down as other reviewers suggested (usually an 8, went down to 6) and the dress fit fine--but it was not attractive. the cut was like a tent with an empire waist. really just not attractive. maybe it has to do with my body type, but compared to the model, this dress was so unflattering in-person. returned.
I was so excited to get this dress...i even paid expedited shipping! i read the reviews and thought that i ordered properly but i sadly disappointed. it was just too big. i'm a size 6-8 petite and the size 8 was overwhelming. the side of the dress were down to my stomach and i just can't wear the dress. not sure what to do but buyers be careful. pretty color and design but not well-designed.
I initially saw this top a few months ago, and fell in love. it ended up selling out in stores, so i ordered it online, where it was back-ordered by a couple of months. i received it this past week, and was sadly disappointed. the design is pretty, but overall the quality is sorely lacking. i wonder if maybe the first batch was good, but when they realized they were so popular, and had more made, the newer batches weren't as good? not sure. the one i got had inconsistent red embroidery, and ther
Was really excited for this dress but should have paid more attention to the material it was made with. for the price of the dress, it felt very cheap. i didn't even end up trying it on after i opened the packaging. the colors were not as vibrant as the picture. as another reviewer mentioned, it was more similar to something you would purchase off a boardwalk. very disappointed and will be returning.
And the bottom looks like a tutu. first, i have high tolerance for scratchy fabric but this one i could feel it even through long sleeves. there is no way i could wear something that makes my skin itch so badly. second, the peplum part is huge and looks like an exaggerated skirt. finally, the color on the "green one" is darker than in the picture and it does have more of a green than blue tint. back it goes.
I also returned this dress after waiting weeks to received it.  i had high hopes for this dress as i really loved it online but what a disappointment when i got it.  the fabric is made of cheap poly that's shiny, thin, and clingy.  it shows every lump and bump you have.  the zipper at the back won't lay flat and keeps bunching up creating an ugly bump.  the sewing and hemline is uneven.  there wasn't a lot of thought put in in the print placement where the seams was sewn together in the midline
I love eva franco  this is a very poor version ! bias seams are puckery... zipper is bubbled  felt great looked like fun but too much if a mess to be fixed.
Do not buy this dress for full price. the design looks great but after receiving the dress, the material is made of extremely cheap slinky-ish polyester that you would find at a f21 store. the stitching is horrific and created an uneven "hump" on the back seam. just absolutely poor poor quality.
I ordered in blue. so excited at arrival; it looked gorgeous...then i tried it on! i'm 5', 106#, 34d and my upper arms are a little muscular. i normally order 2p (sometimes 0p)...and never a problem. this top was sooo tight under the arms and at the upper arms...if i tried any movement would have probably ripped out the seams! maybe i just received a product that was mis-sized, or defective. all i can say, if you have skinny arms, you'll love it.
Like one of the previous reviewers, when my jacket arrived, it was not in the great dark wash pictured online. it was in a basic, medium denim wash. i like the wash pictured online; i did not like the wash the jacket came in. additionally, know that it is just huge. i ordered my usual size (medium) and understood that the jacket was meant to be roomy and swingy, but there is no way that one size down would be enough to compensate for how swimmingly large it was. i never tried an xs, but it was s
The dress is beautiful in pictures, but all the reviews are dead on...it was full of snags when it arrived! 8 snags to be exact. and the fabric was heavier than i expected. sadly, had to return.
This vest looked so cute online but it's a disaster. the quilting is so bulky that the drawstring doesn't work properly and it just hangs. itlooks like something out of a costume closet that could be used for a peasant farmhand or a zombie movie. seriously, it's bad.
This is a cute dress, but not for me. 1. i think it runs very small, 2. it is super textured so if you don't want to add bulk (aka pounds) to your frame, this probably isn't for you. it's too bad it's online only because i would have benefitted from trying this on first. i'm sure it's probably adorable on smaller, thinner people. unfortunately, mine is going back.
The fabric of this vest is identical to a old white dish cloth! the cut of this vest is also bad! will be sent back!
I am normally a straightforward 10 - since i saw the other review i ordered down to an 8 - i am still swimming in it.i would say i have about 4 inches of extra fabric in the waist/hips. this is sized way too large. i love the softness of the checkers but i suspect this could get itchy fast on the arms where it touches the wool - but i won't find out cause i'm returning it?on the bright side i might fit a 6 which would be pretty nice.
They ripped on the inside upper thighs of both legs less than two months after purchase. i've washed them once, and wear them a few times a week, so they're certainly not worn out. i've never had a pair give out even close to this early. i loved the cut of the jeans and the softness, and they hold their shape well after multiple wearings. the color is lighter than pictured. i paid full price (the most i've ever paid for jeans) because i'd heard good things about jean shop quality. even at sale p
Tried this on in the red because the pattern is so eye catching and beautiful. i couldn't get it off fast enough. picture this: tight in the best, tight in the hips, extra billowy in the middle. so confused and can't see how this would be flattering on anyone. unless you're planning to repurpose the gorgeous fabric, skip.
Quality was not what you expect from retailer, especially for the price. top is lined but skirt is not. material is tissue paper thin and see thru. there is a point at the bottom of the sweetheart neckline that does not lay flat, it keeps popping up. however the back is very cute and for that i wanted to love it but too many negatives. was returned.
I'm usually a maeve fan. i found this top to look cheap and fit poorly. it is also very thin material and showed everything.
The cut of this piece is great, the quality of the fabric is terrible. i used it under another layer the first day i wore it and it pilled across the bust. after hand washing in cold water and hanging to dry it shrank in length- so much that i can no longer even wear it. i always happily pay a premium for quality staple wardrobe pieces. this didn't hold up to one wearing, let alone one season. i recommend strongly against it.
This dress comes with a built in fupa. literally there is extra material at the lower abdomen that sticks out and is very unflattering.
Do not buy! i used my 15% discount on this. what a waste. my usual sizes range from s to l depending on what brand. i should have gotten a small. i don't think that would've helped. it was so awkward looking. nothing like the model. it made me look as if i had gained 15 pounds. it was waaay longer in the back-like a mullet. the material was really thick. it is more appropriate for fall. i had high hopes for this-to dress up or down. it was just so ridiculous.
I saw the photo of the young woman wearing this dress in the reviews and she looked beautiful, i on the other hand looked awful. the fabric of the entire dress is quite stiff, so the dress didn't move with me; it sort of felt as if i was wearing a paper cut out. then to contribute to the volume, the sleeve is not set in, it is a raglan style, that on me looked more like a bat suit, than what i was hoping for, a beautiful distinctive dress for an important affair. also the belt didn't enhance the
I thought this top was so cute but when i tried it on, it is so big on the bottom, it looks like a tent. i normally wear a l or xl and took it back to the store to try on a medium and that one fit better but the bottom was still too big. sad.
The good: the sloths are cute because sloths are always cute.   now the bad: the material is wretched. it feels damp even when it's not... it's see through and unlined... it's scratchy and wrinkly... and though the cut of the dress would be fine, the fabric is so limp that the high-low hem looks more like a tail.   i wanted to like this, but charging nearly 200 dollars for a see through piece of awful fabric with a passable cut was simple not acceptable. i returned it as fast as i possibly c
This dress has been in my inbox for a long time and when it went on sale i purchased it right away. i am a size 4 petite in everything retailer and have not had a problem with fit, if anything i might have to size down. i purchased a 4 petite in this dress and i couldn't zip it all the way up. it was as if i was trying to get into a 0 petite.  i don't even think a size 6 would fit. there is something not right with the make of this particular dress i received. even if the fit was perfect i didn't
The fabric wrinkles so easily and any slight moisture or liquid immediately turns into a dark spot on the blue grey...condensation drips from a glass, gel deodorant, etc. i tried the cream but it's very sheer. i had to return this dress-- not practical!
I thought it would be heavier than it is. it's thin and more delicate than what i would expect for a winter sweater (it contains wool so not really suitable for spring/summer). it's also shorter than it appears on the model and a little wider/boxier too.
I was able to get this on sale. when it arrived, it was missing half of the rhinestones. i am very surprised that this top would be sent out this way. it also was missing the little bag with extra stones. i'm reaching out and wondering if anyone else has experienced this and is there a store that sells rhinestones like the one on the blouse? any help from anyone would be appreciated. i hate to part with this, but where was quality control?
This skirt is beautiful. fabric is gorgeous,with perfect amount of shine and luxury to it. there is a "life "in this skirt; it is well made and follows the body lines in a perfect way. or,i better say, it did fit me perfectly first ten minutes of wearing it. unfortunately, it stretched more than a full size, and generally lost its shape. now, the skirt is two sizes too large and not really wearable anymore.
I purchased this in-store in a vivid red color, but didn't try it on until i got home. big mistake! literally the first time i tried to zip the dress, the cheap, horrible zipper noted in previous reviews just...broke. midway up, right under the waist tie. i was trapped in the dress for a good 15 minutes and was scared i'd have to rip or cut the fabric to get out of it; eventually i pulled the zipper apart to escape. can't wait to return this asap.
The cut and color of the dress is awesome. however, the biggest flaw is the zipper. i only got to wear this dress once until the zipper broke..sad day especially at the price. there also were a number of loose threads. i recommend waiting until it goes on sale. you'll want the extra money for a tailor to fix that zipper.
This product has a terrible zipper that ultimately caused me to return the dress. it's pretty bad when it won't even zip up on the hanger. such a beautiful dress; it broke my heart!
I knew i needed to buy this trench from the moment i saw it on my computer screen, but something prompted me to stop by my local retailer and try it on first. thank goodness for that.  at first glance, i knew i wouldn't be buying this. the construction leaves much to be desired. from the flimsy, single layer of unlined, unstructured fabric, to the thin strip of fabric serving as a belt, i could easily see this being sold at a cheap store for teenage girls where throwaway clothes are a dim
The dress is pretty, i ordered a 4 and 6 not knowing how it ran, i took both back the neck is too tight!
Top opens in the middle right in front. should have some sort of closure inside to prevent this top from flying open will return
This dress is so short! i double checked to make sure i didn't get a petite by mistake.  i'm 5'10 and ordered an extra small because of the deep v neck. it fit well on top, but  you could see my underwear in the front. seriously, i dont even think miley cirus would wear it that short. the lace was really beautiful so i was disappointed that it didn't work out.
I wanted to love this top -- looks so comfy and cute. but hangs like a bag. going back!
This looked like a simple, chic blouse, but the fabric felt cheap to me, like thin lining fabric. the neckline is too deep and wide as well and so not flattering.
This top is crazy in the front and just way-off when it comes to a cross-over drape. the top did not lay flat and the drape over has one snap which seemed to "bloop" open constantly. the bottom in the front is a strange combination of layers that i couldn't get to look good.  i'm busty, but this isn't the reason this blouse is just a disaster of a fit on me. the blouse fits tts and everything was covered, so it's not like it was too small and tugged. that's not the case. this blouse just didn't
Didn't like the dress. look pregnant in it. this dress is going back.
I have been continually disappointed in retailer's clothing for the past year. i feel like their prices have soared and the quality has remained so-so, but dresses like these somehow make the cut. it does not make sense. since when did retailer exclusively market to older women? no, retailer's market has always been young adults. this dress is extremely matronly. although the bottom print is nice, the hot pink belt?? is completely mismatched and gaudy. i really hope retailer starts curating better dress
This dress was a disappointment. not black, but brown. and it was very oddly made, with a weird, seam right across the belly. on its way back...
This skirt fits in a strange way. there is one pleated area but it is on the side so it is not flattering and i kept feeling as if i wanted to straighten the skirt.. the elastic looks frumpy. unflattering.
I ordered this skirt because it looked cute and versatile. when it arrived the pleat in front (shown in the center) was far to the right so the overall look was crooked. not sure if it was a quality control issue or if that's the true design but it will have to go back. too bad because i had high hopes!
This dress looks nothing like the photo. the sequins are dull, no sheen at all. the faux leather panels and straps look and feel like cheap, shiny plastic. i didn't even try it on, because it was so hideous, when i pulled it out of the box. not remotely worth the price and wouldn't buy it on sale for $20 either. skip.
Gals, if you absolutely must have this top wait for it to go on sale (don't worry, it will). between the poor fit and the polyester, i have no good things to report about it. this is very much below retailer's usual quality and style.
I ordered a size 16 in the orange. it ran a size smaller than normal size 16 maeve tops. the quality of the material was terrible. it wrinkled and was also so thin that you need to wear a tank underneath. that messes with the look of the lace on the top. the color of the orange was gorgeous.
This product was very disappointing. fabric was thin, it has no shape and hangs like a pajama top. so it's not flattering at all. at $78, it's really overpriced for what it is. it might look good on someone who has the perfect body shape (what wouldn't?), but they would probably still look like they went out in their pjs. i'm 5'9" and not well-endowed (a b), so it did nothing for me..  also, the online picture of the moss version looks like it's a grey/black combo. it's not... it is really green
These fit around the waist but there is so much fabric and it poofs out and looks awful and bulky. no way.
I tried this shirt at my local retailer and absolutely loved it ...until i read dry clean only!!! really retailer? i know you can do better than that...
The armholes on this dress are totally bizarre. i can't believe no one else has commented on them yet. i am a size s on top and m on the bottom so i usually try on both in dresses. i tend to be a small/ size 6 in retailer. the armholes are so long that the dress doesn't lay right on top. i showed it to on of the clerks in the store and she agreed with me. we looked at all the others and they were the same. going up a size made it way worse. this dress might work for someone with really broad shoul
I loved the look of this dress online, so i was excited to order it, but when it arrived i found it was not at all how i expected it to be. i thought the material would be more lacy, but it seemed pretty cheap. there was also some boning at the waist which is nice in theory, but it made the material poof out just under the waist, making me look like i had a belly. no matter what i did i could not get it to lay flat. returned to the store and bought the embroidered perennial dress instead, which
I so wanted this skirt to work, love the design! but, it's way, way too long... i am 5, 5, 116lb, and the small is 1 inch on the floor. i step on the skirt as i walk.
I'm returning this cardigan. it doesn't fit me at all. it's shapeless and loose.
I was very excited about this dress having seen someone where it on the street months ago. i got my usual size 6 and could not button it up for the life of me. i get it, i'm busty and sometimes button downs are a tricky. however, the arms were impossibly tight. my boyfriend starting cracking up when he saw my arms busting out of the sleeves.
This blouse is a disappointment . fabric is cheap looking and the cut is very off. just odd. sleeves awkward . the back of the white shirt on the on-line model is not the same as the white shirt i received. mine was plain in the back like the blue shirt on line even though my shirt was white. no ruffle. returned.
Ag jeans have been a main stay for me. they are the most comfortable and best looking jeans on my body. however this pair was too tight and shorter then i liked. the fabric and color is beautiful. i wear the same size for ag no matter the design. but this one ran too small. i have to return it. i will try the next size up if they still have them.
Not sure who this is for but its not for me. skirt was long, stiff and puffy on my hips. i could not get it to lie correctly. maybe you have to be 6' to pull this off...
Very disappointed the back of this blouse is plain, not as displayed.
The fit on this is so strange. the middle string is definitely too long and the thin halter top offers hardly any lift. the print is lovely and the quality nice for the price. the cups are padded, which is nice i suppose, but would barely cover anything bigger than a c cup i'm guessing. i'm a 32dd, size 8 in pants, and size 4/6 in dresses and i ordered a medium. i also have a long torso, which probably didn't help.
I didn't realize that the grey sleeves are attached (i assumed that was just an undershirt on the model). needless to say it looks cheap and poorly made. will be returning
I tried this blouse on and loved the style, comfort and color of the peach so much that i was preparing to buy it. when i pulled the sleeve the fabric came away from the cuff. i tested another spot pulling only gently and the same thing happened. too bad since the color would have been a great addition for me.   but--i also tried the blue and it gets 4 stars, as the fabric is much better. it too is adorable, soft and did not tear on gentle testing. the two blouse colors are made from different
This skirt has no closure along the slit. i can't begin to understand how it could be worn as shown in the photo-you would be completely exposed. it completely baffled me
Lovely colors and print. my problem with this dress was that the bust was on the smaller side (it will fit those with a smaller chest nicely!), and worse, the beading on the bodice was attached with black thread, which showed through the sheer netting layer on top.   for the price, this particular detail should have been addressed.
I ordered these twice just to be sure there wasn't a glitch. the color is so off! the picture shows a dark blue denim, but they are not they are a light blue - with whiskering! retailer you need to have a better image of the color because this is so misleading.
Fight a bit snug over the bust then widens like a bell. not as cute as it looks in the photo. returned.
I ordered a med petite. usually this fits but this shirt was long and the sleeves wouldnt stay down. as a regular shirt it was not cute.
The image does not show but the front of the dress has a heavy 24" utility zipper hidden with 5 snaps. the zipper pull, when closed, sat right on my collarbone, which was he height of discomfort. it felt heavy and awkward. the dress was very high waisted for me (i'm 5'6" and it was 3" inches above the navel)) also to the point of discomfort.  an invisible side zipper would have made the difference for me if the proportions were better suited for a non-petite sizing.  the fabric is quite beautifu
This top was very cute but super short- and i am a short waisted petitie person-the waistline hits above your belly button- looks very silly.
The cups on this suit are  ridiculous.  unless you are going to a nudist beach i do not recommend.  the construction of the suit itself was also vey poor. seams were messed up, a big pull right on the front-- i brought it back. sad because the design was adorable- just poor execution.
Unfortunately, does not look anything like in the picture. looks like an oversized house robe. i expected much more but was disappointed. i am definitely returning it.
Dress was a disappoint. very thin and cheaply made, not worth the money at all. pictures make it look much better than in real life. top area is also made small so if you are busty, this is not the dress for you.
The shirt is beautiful, but fits much too small. the stitching limits the space in your shoulders, and the hem too short. a petite frame would be able to pull this off- but i am a 5.10" medium, and the shirt didn't work in every direction.
I'd been waiting to snatch up this jumpsuit as it looks so cute online, so when it went on sale i ordered it right away. well i was thoroughly disappointed. i agree with some of the other reviewers, the fit is odd, huge on top and too snug on the bottom. being made of flimsy silk it has no give and didn't hang well on my curvy body, being too loose in some areas and too snug in others. also the top is embroidered while the bottom isn't. the material is thin and and it definitely isn't high enoug
Very sheer inexpensive material. even on sale i'm returning it
This shirt smelled so bad when i received it (and i am not at all sensitive to smells). is it from the dye?  i tried it on anyway. it is shapeless and nothing special. at almost 80 bucks it is so over priced.
This is a rare review for me, i usually love my retailer purchases, even at times when other reviewers aren't fans, but this top is terrible. 5'4" 103, 32 b for reference, small frame, athletic, bought the xs in black. the length could have been longer, but i could have lived with the length. the arm hole area, however, a different story. because it's boxy, and the fabric is stiffer bc of the large flowers, the top sticks out on the sides under the arm holes leaving a gape, it did not fit snuggly
This shirt had an overpowering vinegar odor when i took it out of the packaging.  the mint green color was appealing but the styling did not look good and the smell was too much.
This is a cute top but i wore it for around 5 hours and lo and behold i had smurf skin. i did not sweat in it but the color transferred to my underarm area and bra and it did not come off in the shower!! i guess it's going to have to wear off. thank goodness it was not a hot day!! i hope that i can return it.
I was looking for a casual dress for quick errands that was trendy but comfy.  this dress had a lot of potential [i was drawn to the print]  but the material is awful. so thin and scratchy! immediately went back.
Just a ginormous, shapeless shirt. runs extremely large. i am normally a medium to large in shirts and the medium was huge. i can only imagine an xs would work and i am no xtra small!
This would be a great blouse for flat chested person. i am a size 12 and busty. i ordered an xl and it was ridiculously tight across the chest and the fabric is see through. you would need to wear a cami under it.
Agree with previous reviewer. i am usually an xs p in this brand (5'3" 115 lbs) but i could not get the internal slip over my head. the chest area was fitted (i am a 32b) but then the skirt was very full and loose. i could have cut out the slip, but worried it would be see through and just not worth it at full price.
I purchased these in january and today i am going back to retailer to request a refund; the fabric on the inner thighs are absolutely thread bare. i am 5'6 and wear a size 28. they fit comfortably with great stretch, but apparently the fabric is so cheap that if your thighs should happen to touch, you will wear holes through the thighs in very short order.  first they started piling, which i had never a pair of pilcro pants do before, and within 2 washes i could actually see through the f
Ordered this vest on line and returned it due too poor quality .
1. this looks so cute on the model, doesn't it? i have no idea where you wear a suit with hot pants, but it looks cute.  2. that said, keep in mind the model is probably 6 feet 10 inches tall. i'm 5 feet 6 inches tall, and this jacket came down to my knees. i'm not kidding. the 3/4 length sleeves were at my wrist, so more like 7/8 sleeves.  3. i'm normally a size 12 in cartonnier jackets, but this only comes s, m or l. the medium is really a size 10, which was too tight across the shoulders and
Normally, hd in paris brand is spot on for their dresses. this dress is a big thumbs down. as most of these reviewer's and myself point out, the large arm holes do not allow you to wear a regular bra because you don't just get a peak of your bra, you get to see the whole side of it. secondly, the bust of the dress would work only for an a-cup bra, too small for the average woman. the only bright spot with this dress is the brilliant colors available and the quality of the fabric itself - excelle
Received this product with a gaping hole in it. very disappointed in the quality and the quality control at the warehouse
So unflattering! really disappointed. made me look 6 month pregnant and i'm a petite size 2.
I really loved this top. however, i couldn't get it on. i tried on a medium (my usual size.) it's not that it was too small. something else is wrong with it. the large was way too big. too bad, i really wanted this look.
This shirt looked cute until i tried it on... worst fit ever. im thin, and this style of top is usually quite flattering, but this one missed the mark big time.
I saw this at the store today. very excited about it but i had no idea how to get it on! there is a side zipper so i attempted to step into the jumper through the collar but could never get my arms through! from what i could see on my body, it would have been too short in the crotch. i decided not to fight with it to put on entirely. i gave up. cute shade of green though.
Ordered the biggest size available, the large. the arms are so tight, i couldn't get it on. looked like it may have fit in the body so i don't understand why so constricting in the arms. i don't have big arms, either. fabric is thin but the color is pretty. can't recommend. i'd pass on this one.
So i bought this, even after seeing the other reviews. because i love the designer and their things are normally cute and different. this fits just as others describe. it was not flattering to me at all, 5"2. had to go back.
Dress is much different in person. thin ribbed cotton.  a little tight for xl.    it looks like a throw back dress from contempos.  returned and would not recommend
I wanted this jacket to fit on me like in the photo, but i guess my frame was still to petite. the fabric was also on the cheap end
If you like to wear lampshades this is the shirt for you. beyond unflattering. boxy and seriously looks like lace was stitched to the bottom of a lampshade
I was so excited when i ordered this, i love comfy clothing this looked perfect! when i received it, there was a weird smell with the top. convinced that this could be from storage or something, i washed it. the smell did not go away. i have washed it 3 times now and the smell will not disappear! i have not yet worn but as i have washed it, not able to return it. the top looks and feels great - just the weird smell. now i am 'stuck'!!
Loved the look of this sweater online. was disappointed when i took it out of the package i was surprised at how stiff and itchy it was. i ordered my usual medium and though at first they shipped the wrong size it was small all over.  it felt cheep definelty not worth the high price. knew it was definitely going back
3 tags - one quite huge (about 2'' by 3'') - very itchy. so i cut out the tags and they are sewn with some kind of hard poky plasticy thread - now even more itchy! i will have to wear these inside out.
I tried this on in the store and i couldn't keep it on my body for more then 30 seconds. it's extremely itchy, which is a pity, because i do appreciate the design. :(
I was disappointed with the style and quality of this dress. it poofs out funny in the waste and it just looks very unflattering. i'm sending it back.
This could seriously fit a large and it's an xs. so frustrating!! this is the fourth retailer dress that is ordered that is just enormous. i get the whole "loose fit" style, but seriously??? you've taken it to a whole new level, retailer!!! another trip to the store to return another item. a complete waste of my time. ugh.
I really loved the way this shirt looked on me. it's forgiving and flattering, and really lightweight. the fabric, however, couldn't even withstand half a day's wear without snagging 3 times and developing a hole right in the center. i have no idea how this happened, as i wasn't wearing or near anything that could have pulled at it.   such a shame. this could have been a staple wardrobe piece for me.
I received this top in the mail today not what i expected at all! it is a great fabric just way too much of it. it is proportionally incorrect width wise. unfortunately this one will be going back.
I love tiny button down tops. this one didn't work at all for me. i was excited about the mix prints but on it looked like i was wearing a vest over a striped shirt. also the arm was frayed on the shirt i tried on.
The color is completely off! i loved the way this vest looks in the picture! i was excited to have that vest but unfortunately what i received in the mail was a huge disappointment. it came wrinkled and the brown is not as rich as it is in the picture. very pale. horrible.
This dress really was huge, and not at all flattering. i don't know how they got it to look good on the model in the picture. material was nice and soft, but i really don't see how anyone could look good in this, no matter what your body shape is.
Even on my 5'1", short-waisted, 100 lb body, this was super short. it was also super boxy. not flattering at all. the blue was a good color but this is going back.
This is one of those dresses that looks so cute on the model but doesn't look anything like that in reality. it has no shape and it fits weirdly all over. i am normally a m and i ordered the s and it is massive.
Dress looks beautiful, but the fitting is very off. i ordered a size 2 which is the dress size i usually wear ( i'm 5;4 and 115lbs). the chest area fits perfectly, but the hip area is extremely tight and the lower back area was lose. i exchanged it for a 4, the hip area was a bit tight and the shoulders were too lose. if i ordered the 4p, i have a feeling it would be too tight. it feels like, it's meant for someone with very small hips and a large abdomen. also, this dress is very stiff, can't d
I ordered this skirt in a size small and when i received it, not only was it too long, but there was also a hole in it. so i returned it. when a small petite became available, i ordered it thinking it would fit better. i just received it and there is a hole in this skirt as well. both skirts also looked as if they had been worn; there was fuzz and lint all over the skirts. i like the skirt but i either have extremely bad luck or it's really bad quality.
The tops looks fitted on the model because she pressed her arms against the clothes. to my surprise, the tops actually is very very very r o o m y below the chest area. the appliques/laces on the front are made of low quality materials.
I love the idea of this shirt, but the execution is absolutely horrible. i ordered online and what i received is just a mess. the stitching at the bottom has big globs of black thread. not just a few hanging off, but literally big clumps. a large portion of the stitching on the whole shirt looks like it should be on the underside of the shirt as the where the thread is tied off is on the outside!! the fit is just as big a mess. i always have to buy a large in fitted shirts because i have very br
I have other stevies, and these are nothing like them. the quality is very synthetic to a point that the material is shiny. the pants themselves run very small in the waist, approx. two sizes too small compared with other stevies. additionally, the cuff is sewn like that in place, and hits at an odd spot if you are taller or have strong calves. see how it gapes in the cuff on the model? like, a rounded bottom? that is way more emphasized in real life. buyer beware!
The top looks better on the model than in-person. it fits loose and looks boxy and matronly. i don't like the sleeve length or the top style, it just didn't look flattering or good. i am sending it back. looks very boxy.
Got this in the blue and was so excited. while it looks cute, someone had clearly bought this, worn it, and returned it. it had human and dog hair all over it. not to mention some kind of red strings. it was pilling all over. so much for quality control!!! i don't mind buying used things but at least clean it up and give me a discount!
This dress is super bulky and unflattering. the knit is loose and see-through. looks like it was knitted by a five-year old. if you need a dress that adds twenty pounds then this is for you. back to the store it goes
An awful dress! retailer why didn't you post my last review. i would not even give it a quarter of a star.
This simple lace top is beautiful and easy to wear, but do not wash it. the hem completely fell apart for me!
While i love the fabric and the pattern, this skirt leaves too much to be desired. the full price is absurd considering what you get. there is no mention online that there is no built in slip, and as the material is extremely thin a slip is an absolute must. (see attached photo.) even in dim lighting you can see straight through.  also for this price point it is strange that the skirt is 'pull-on styling.' i would say that it is true to size, and i am usually a medium @ retailer, but i have a sm
I loved how soft this dress was, as well as versatile. however, i only got to wear it one time because after the first wash, a giant fabric tear happened on one of the seams. unfortunately, the fabric is so soft, but rather thin, and it didn't hold. the care instructions say machine washable but i wouldn't put it in the washing machine again. especially since i often have to wash clothes twice in the washer i use because it's so old and barely agitates. would love this if it was made a little be
I wanted to love this product so badly. i ordered it in the mail, and it looked beautiful coming out of the box. i normally look really nice in grey, but this color really washed me out and was not nice on. the fabric is very sheer, so you would have to wear it over a camisole/tank top. this is one of those pieces that looks better on the hanger than in person. large in arms, small on body. odd fit.
I am sorry to say this blouse is way below all retailer standards. this top should have been placed on sale a long time ago! poor quality in cut, fabric, design. this is a top one would grab at a local box store for 19.99. the colors are not as vibrant. the shoulders ill fitted. and the fabric and threads are very cheap. i was expecting so much more.sorry retailer.....my favorite store to shop!
I love anything orange- when i saw this coat online, i ordered it as i loved all the features. the features of the coat are fun- however the coat came all bunched up in the package. i let it hang for a couple of days but the wrinkles were awful and even steaming and an iron would not take the creases away. i tried the coat on - the buckles were poorly made. i ended up returning this jacket.
There was nothing i liked about this coat. it was definitely not designed with a chest in mind. the pins on the straps were already coming off the first time i tried it on. i usually like oranges too, but even this color turned me off.
The dress ran big but is tight at the bust, material is sooo sheer and the shape of the dress is off. you can't see the ruffle/ flounce that runs the bottom of the dress.
I rarely write a really negative review and retailer is my favorite store ever. but this dress is awful. i ordered the black and white. the fabric is very poor quality. the colors are washed out. i almost didn't try it on, but i did and found that, for me, the fit was terrible (though some of the reviewer pictures are cute).
I ordered this to wear for a holiday party hoping to have something unique and dressy. it was too bulky at the shoulders and looked like something a football player would wear. the little ruffled flower pieces were random at the top and stuck out in all the wrong directions. it wasn't as elegant as the model pic (is it ever?) and for this price should fit like a glove. went back within seconds. also, it's pretty short, and bulky short isn't flattering on too many people.
I've worn citizens for almost 12 years now, i keep going back because i have an athletic figure (my thighs and butt are bigger than my waist), and usually citizens fit and hug all the right places and are made with a certain quality expectation - these did not meet any of those standards, the ripped as soon as i put them on. the material seemed cheap.
Ugh! i am not sure how anyone is giving this good reviews. i tried small, medium and large on and huge huge huge, boxy, fabric bunched at the shoulders and did i mention it's way too boxy? the fabric and pattern are so pretty but the fit is just awful. i would try this one on before purchasing.
I so wanted to like this dress i ordered it for summer graduation and weddings. i usually wear a 4/s and even the xs is was too pig. it drapes like a smock. the material is heavy. the only thing pretty about this dress is the pattern and color.  still looking for the perfect dress...
Retailer consistently provides unique, sophisticated and quality made clothing. with the exception of an occasional purchase at their sister companies, i shop with them exclusively. i suppose that i can't expect 100% perfection from retailer-but 99% of the time-that's what i get. this is that 1%...this sweater is truly awful! i cannot (or find it very difficult at least) begin to describe what this sweater is like but it is so unlike retailer that, had it not been for the distinct pattern on the front
After reading the reviews i sized down to a 6. once i received it, i loved the fabric and color, however it was so ill-fitting. it's like the designer didn't even use female measurements and used a box to make this top--too wide. i liked it so much that i sized way down to a 0 and it still fit horribly. it is too wide and not long enough. both are going back!
I bought this t-shirt in pink, blue, red, grey and black over the past year. every one of them except the grey, has gotten little pin holes in the front of the shirt below your waistline. i've returned them all. the fabric is thin and the quality of the t/shirt is terrible.
Love this top! but unfortunately i returned it for exchange coz it was too small for me. hoping there's a sz sm in stock.
Does not say ribbed. did not want ribbed. would not have bought ribbed
This skirt looks and feels cheap, and the color is much more green than pictured. additionally, i comfortably wore a size 4 and then lost a few pounds, and this is still way too tight to be flattering.
Super itchy! had to return.
This top is beautiful in design, but sadly, i will be returning. it is hand wash, and even after doing so, i had 2 unraveled threads resulting in large holes. unfortunate since it was so flattering before washing.
I bought the black and gray fleece lined leggings. i thought the price was great. too good to be true. you get what you pay for. once i opened the box they smelled awful. it was a chemical smell. i washed the black pair twice and it was a little better. i have washed the gray 5 times and it still smells.
I couldn't even figure out how to wear this sweater the fit was so odd. the arms cut off short and the seams don't hit your shoulders where they should. all the extra fabric around the collar is just confusing and unflattering. moving around in it was not easy. i will return this one!
Loved the look of the sweater and the the fit was as shown.  however this is a thin cashmere for the price.  returned.
I love the colors and style of this poncho, however, the fabric is a total miss.  it is so scratchy, i developed a serious rash within the first 1/2 hour of wering it. also, unfortunately, the fabric is not woven tightly, so the poncho does not keep you warm, the wind whips right through it. it is disappointing that while the styles of retailer have remained top, the quality of their clothing has steadly gone down the hill. i hope retailer will put more effort in bringing the quality back.
This blouse is stunning on the website ;however, it is totally sheer which you cannot tell from the photo. i was very disappointed and will be returning.
I got fooled by this dress's description. it's 100% polyester and not wool as it claims to be! looks cheap.returned it!
I'm 5'2-5'3 which is supposed to be the max height for pieties in retailer (former employee) and while the bodice hit right, the skirt was insanely long. not even with heels is this gonna be right. and no discount towards hemming? i'll wait until this hits the sale rack, which it will because concensus is, it's way too long.
It's the inverted invert ... not so obvious at first but then it shrunk and was harder to ingnore.
Thought this would be great for a laid-back wedding in new mexico, but didn't fit. i am a 12-14 and the 14 barely fit my chest and arms. not flattering. material did not seem very breakthable. had to return. better luck next time.
After washing this top pilled terribly. it is beautiful, but only for one use.
I followed the other reviews and sized down. normally, i'm a small/medium in retailer (5'8"/135 for clarification) and i expected the garment to be a bit roomy. i ordered the small and when it arrived i almost called the corporate office to ensure i didn't have to pay rent on the romper, given that you could comfortably fit a small family of five in it. oddly, the arm-holes were normal sized? i returned this mess.
This dress was very boxy and unflattering. i really wanted to like it because the blue and white details were so pretty but it had to go back.
I really wanted to love this but the cut was very wide, short, and crooked. after it was washed once, it was completely unwearable because it hung all wrong.
I love baseball style tees and when i saw the homebase tee (in two colors no less), i was very thrilled especially since it was during the 20% mother's day promotion on all items. based on the model's photos, the top looks flattering with a swing type style. i usually wear a medium and bought a small size in this top. when the package was delivered, i excitedly opened it and found two tees looking like maternity tops which would be lovely if i was pregnant. the tops are so wide not like the webs
So thin and see thru it's not even wearable in public. extremely cheap and ill fitting for any price let alone this price. i feel like they will rip the moment i wear them out. going back.
I have been looking for a fall/spring coat to wear when the weather is between 30 and 55 degrees. this "coat" looks great in the pictures, but so disappointing in reality. the best thing i can say is that the fabric is soft. it is unlined, so i'm not sure why you'd even wear it -- if the weather's warm enough to wear a thin, unlined jacket, why not just wear a sweater? the weight is not what i would expect at this price point. even worse, the design is terrible; my husband (who has a great eye)
Visions of sartorial splendor danced in my head as i planned my instagram posts centered around this coat. and then it showed up on my door and my dreams were crushed. i'd already read the reviews and knew the coat was unlined and would be oversized. i did not expect it to be soooo sloppy. especially around the collar. there is nothing crisp about it. i've had boiled wool outer ware before that held its shape much better than this. if i wanted fleece i wouldn't have picked retailer as the s
The photo misrepresents how large this sweater is. it is giant! petite ladies stay away from this sweater. i ordered an xs and usually can manage to fit in a regular xs, but this just floored me. the neckline wouldn't even stay up on my upper body, it was that loose. also the width of the sweater does not at all hug the body as shows on the model. it is like a tent. i'm so bummed. the color blue is nice and the sweater is really soft. it's too bad it doesn't fit smaller women.
So disappointed. bought these in a 29 and should've gone with a 28. they're super cute - i got the green. the fit is off. like the other reviews, they stretch out way too much. i would return these but have already washed them. they wash terribly, too. there are weird fading marks all over, even when washed in cold water like the tag states. so disappointed that i spent my gift card from christmas on these. i've been a loyal retailer customer for years and this is the first time i've been severely
Really disappointing quality. these jeans are of a very poor quality material and developed holes in the inseams after only a month! i love pilcros, and am totally shocked at the poor quality...retailer, i hope this is just a fluke. not worth the money!
I tried this on in the store and it was huge. i couldn't try on a smaller size because they only had a 2 and 4. i tried on my usual size 12. i don't think the embroidery is as pretty in person either. definitely not worth the price.
This is the oddest fitting pullover. there is too much fabric around the chest. it is fitted everywhere else but then balloons out in the front. i liked it at first but really started to dislike all the bunchiness (is that a word?). i gave it away..
I bought an xl and they looked like they would have been a small. can't review anything else because i couldn't even get them on.... ridiculous
I ordered this in both an extra small and a small... i found that there was a very big difference in the two sizes- the extra small was true to size and had a great width, but was shorter in length than i would've liked (if it shrunk at all, it would've been unwearable). the small was quite a jump in size and was a little wider than i liked, but i decided to keep that one.   the top was very cute and comfortable when i wore it, however i just washed it once on delicate in cold water and when i
In a sea of dresses, this is the one that caught my eye in the whole store. i am a pear shape, and ended up trying both the medium and the large, taking the medium home. it was super flattering on, and was an appropriate length to pair with tights.  here's where the problem happened. i wanted to wear this dress for thanksgiving, i put it on, and as i tightened the drawstring to cinch in the waist - riiiiiiiiiip! the drawstring ripped through the fabric at the waistband. so disappointed.
Just wanted to review so people know this hoodie has a zipper. it's very soft and comfy but i was looking for a pullover hoodie and am disappointed that once again retailer's picture doesn't match the actual product. it does fit true to size however.
After readying the reviews of this dress, i thought for sure i was purchasing a winner. boy, was i wrong! first, this dress feels like a potato sack and looked like one on. i felt that it was very boxy and more of a o' one size fits all' sizing. it did not embrace my curves at all. the material was not as chic as i would have thought. overall, the entire dress was not flattering. honestly, i do not understand what the rave reviews were talking about it.
Too much material everywhere. i am 122lbs 5'4" and i ordered an xs as usual. i was overwhelmed in a blanket of knitted material of muted colors. nice green slip, though. i will return it asap. this is super-ugly.
This dress hangs horribly. unlike the photo, the waist does not cinch. too bad. the colors are great and the quality of the material is nice. because i bought it on sale, i may try to tailor it to work, but unless you are willing to do that, its a no go. :-(
I am returning the dress. it has too much volume and is not flattering at all
This looked fabulous on the model, of course, and i love sweater dresses. but even in an xs, i was drowning in fabric and looked ludicrous. concept is good but execution went terribly wrong somewhere. a definite return.
Terrible fit for a longer torso.  runs small in hip and lining, huge in the waist.  not good for an hourglass figure!
This sweater did not flatter a sz 12 with 36d chest. it's very well made but not for the curvy girl. this is my very first review and felt compelled to share my thoughts since i heavily rely on others' reviews before i purchase.
These pants look nice and are comfortable but the quality of the fabric is terrible! i should not be surprised because i bought another pair of pants by this same label at antro earlier this year and they did not hold up at all either. but i thought i'd give it another shot. never again! i'm on my 5th wear and the crotch and inner thighs have worn away completely...i mean huge holes in the fabric where it's just disintegrated. even at extra % off the sale price it's not worth it. the full price
Bummer, i loved the lacy bell arms and everything about the look of this sweater but it is huge in the abdomen. seriously looks maternity to me. the neck is also too wide. the quality of the material is very nice and the weight is nice and heavy but the cut just didn't work on me. i returned this one.
The sleeves on this top always caught my eye every single time i was in a store. they never had my size to try on, so when a free shipping offer came up, i ordered the ivory top in a size large. well, the sleeves are indeed stunning, but that is all that is attractive about this top! the rest was a plain, blank, white canvas. in fact, that's what it felt like to wear it -- like i was wearing a tent or an artist's canvas on my chest. yuck! how can this designer put so much thought and care into t
I went with my usual size, but it is too tight, it fits, but i would feel uncomfortable in it. i ordered the pink one, which looks nice in the picture, but in person, it looks cheap. the beading at the neckline immediately looked to me like cocktail dresses my grandma used to wear in the 1970s. that beaded neckline added to the cheap look. this one is not for me.
I loved these pants and purchased them in three colors. like another reviewer, within a few weeks, having worn them no more than a couple of times, the fabric in the crotch area started to wear thin and two pairs developed holes. i was not hard on the pants - just wore them to the office - and line dried them. so disappointing, as i really did love the pants. total waste of money.
I had high hopes ordering this top...unfortunately the top has a metallic fiber to the material and that detail was not noted in the product description! it also felt rather cheap & scratchy, poor quality for the price.
After reading the other reviews i still took a chance on ordering this dress becasue it looks so cute on the model. the dress they sent me is not this dress. it is the same material although the one i received had only one stripe down the canter, like a cross. there was no v back as stated by the other reviewer. it was scoop and if you pulled it down, the neck went up. the dress i received is branded as holding horses while the brand listed on here, is rava. the length measured at 39" not the st
I've been buying from retailer for the last 15 years and this is the first time i've ever posted a bad review. first of all the fabric is scratchy, thin, and looks very cheap. second of all there is no v back, it's more of a slight scoop. and lastly i'm 5'3" so i ordered the petite small and it's still comes 4 inches below my knee. i am very disappointed in the quality and am definitely sending back. the only thing i think this could possible good for is a swim coverup.
This skirt is definitely not what i was expecting. the material is stiff and rough. the skirt is also loud. you can hear it swishing when you move, and not in a classy way. it feels like you're wearing a very long tutu. also, the pattern isn't quite as pretty in person. they must have used magic in order to make this skirt look flowy in the photos - it does not flow.
I love the colors. however, $200 is a lot to pay for a small piece of fabric , no lining what so ever. the fabric is very thin. you will need a slip. looks just like a cover-up. going back.
I was very shocked to receive this dress with a rusty zipper, looks like crusty white rust . see attached pictures. the dress fabric is very nice and i did try it on and it is a very nice fit, lined with a little stretch but my gosh what a cheap poor quality zipper that looks like it was old and exposed to moisture because the metal parts have a white crusty substance! retailer you really need to check your merchandise before sending to your loyal customers. lately the quality has been declining a
I'm so disappointed this dress didn't work out! i ordered the size medium, post baby i'm a solid dress size 6 or 8 depending on the designer. the cashier was laughing with me how ridiculously huge this garment was when i held it up.   also the length was super long, description says 35" which would be mid thigh for me, but this thing hit me mid knee. also, like the previous review the shoulders are tented and poofy. so bizarre and the cut reminds me of a maternity dress, but the shoulders def
Pants are overpriced and very uncomfortable. to my utter dismay i wore them during a business trip for the first time and ended up with bruises caused by the side zipper. i have been a long time retailer shopper and usually my go to store, however,ending up with a pair of pants that caused me pain was a very big disappointment,
I'm 5'7" 155lbs and ordered a large. it fit, but the arms were awkwardly short. the finish details on the end of each sleeve almost would have to be pushed back to the elbow for it to look right, which would be okay. however, the interior seam of the neckline is cut jaggedly and isn't even finished with any stitching. it's just tucked haphazardly inside the neckline and isn't sewn--it would unravel with washing.   it's soft and snuggly and cute if you get it on super-sale and don't mind it com
I loved the print and fabric of this dress when i first saw it, but trying it on was a very different story! the photo seems to show a wider, more well-defined waist, with just a small amount of "blousing" on top, but this was not the case. yes, the waist fit, but it is a narrow band that was covered completely by the hanging over of the ill-fitting top, turning the entire look into a shapeless and very unattractive fit. sadly, this is going right back!
I was very excited to find a fun and lightweight white dress for spring/summer. for the past two years i have found two of my favorite white dresses. the material that this dress is made out of did not look high quality at all. the fit looked more like that of an old nightgown. this dress has no shape to it, although probably comfortable, not flattering. i had high hopes for this dress and wish that it looked like it does in the picture, in person.
I was surprised at the positive reviews for this product. its terrible! it cuts you in a weird place to make you look wide. the skirt is also not like the picture. its darker and heavier. the material isnt great. i had to return.
