3 tags sewn in, 2 small (about 1'' long) and 1 huge (about 2'' x 3''). very itchy so i cut them out. then the thread left behind was plasticy and even more itchy! how can you make an intimates item with such itchy tags? not comfortable at all! also - i love bralettes and wear them all the time including to work. i am a b cup. however, this one is so thin and flimsy that it gives no support even to a b cup - so for me this would only be a lounging bralette - if it wasn't so itchy!
I was really hoping to like this, but it did not look the way it does on the model, at least not on me. the sharkbite hem is much more pronounced and looser. the one in the photo looks like it was pinned back. i am 5'8" and usually wear a medium or large. i got a medium and there was a lot more material on the bottom half than the photo shows. it made me look bigger and was not flattering. material has a nice weave but it's thin and delicate. i bought the (holly) deep olive and the blue. colors
I usually wear a medium and bought a small. it fit ok, but had no shape and was not flattering. i love baby doll dresses and tops, but this was a tent. my daughter saw me try it on and said "that's a piece of tablecloth." it's going back.
I was very excited to order this top in red xs. so cute, but it was huge, shapeless and support thin! it had to go back. i should've looked at other reviews.
This is so thin and poor quality. especially for the price. it felt like a thin pajama top. the buttons are terrible little shell buttons. this could not have been returned faster.
The title says it all....this fabric of this top is both the best and worst part of the design. the colors are vibrant and the combination of materials (shoulder is a knit, sweater-like navy fabric) is interesting. however, that is where the positive comments end on this one. the top is so scratchy,, stiff, and, frankly, uncomfortable. i cannot imagine wanting to wear it. it could benefit from a lining, and that might have solved the problem of scratchy, itchy fabric.  the stiff fabric of the bo
Love the fabric of this shirt even though it was thinner than i expected. it is soft to the skin and flattering. however i returned it because it is made for women with long torso and shorter shoulders.
The skirt that i received had very little blue or green in it, and was mostly white, yellow and some red. the fit was fine but the quality for the price was not there for me. the lack of quality and the disappointment in the quality equals a return.
I loved this dress from the moment i tried it on. so flattering to my postpartum body without being a huge tent. soft fabric, and for a white/lightly striped dress, not sheer. i'm bummed because after washing only twice (followed the instructions to wash) on gentle cycle and low tumble dry, holes started appearing everywhere, both on the cream ribbed hem in the front bottom and all across the chest, in the white part of the fabric only (it looks like the black stripes are holding the holes toget
This top was way too short (i'm only 5'1) and way too wide. the cut of this top was so wide, it looked like a tent on me. i really wanted to love this top because the material and style (sleeves, ruffle) are beautiful, unfortunately there is something wrong with the cut. i've have several blouses made by one fine day, which fit nicely, for some reason this top did not. i ordered in my usual s size, even going to an xs would not work because the cut is wrong.
The fabric was nothing special (i usually like a cotton/silk blend woven fabric, but this was stiff feeling) and the pattern was cute. but what made me return it was the fact that 1) the rose gold glitter dots are puffy paint. literally. puffy. paint. and 2) the dots were not quite dry on my top when it arrived. parts of the paint came off on my fingers and the top was stuck to itself because of it. i could barely unfold it.  i'm sure this could have been cute, but who wants a top that looks lik
I don't normally review my purchases, but i was so amazed at how poorly this dress was made, i couldn't help myself but to post a review. the neck line isn't even hemmed down so it flaps up. the material is thin and feel cheap. this dress isnt even worth $20 in my opinion. i was expecting a well made, good quality dress for the high price tag.
This top runs super small in the upper arms, shoulder area..could not even stretch out my arms! ...other then that major problem, the length and body fit were perfect...i am true med and/or large in all retailer tops so i tried sizes 10, 12 and neither worked for me due to arm/shoulder fit...disappointed because it really is a beautiful top...
These run very small!! they are also short, almost like a crop pant. the fit was so weird that i won't even exchange for a bigger size.
This top looked super cute online but when it came it was super short and boxy. looked like a tent on me. this one went back the same day it came!
I waited three months for these pants. when they finally arrived, i was mostly pleased. they seemed like the staple pant everyone is raving about. and they should have been. problem one: they bag out. i got one wear out of them before i needed to wash and hang to dry (regained shape then). problem two: the crotch split! in the front! i'm a teacher. i sincerely hope no one noticed! i read other reviews about this problem and don't know if i got a bad batch or if a similar fate is awaiting other
I don't typically write bad reviews, but this dress is so bad and i want to save someone else from buying it. i read the mostly bad reviews and still purchased anyway (my fault i know). the dress is super stiff ( i know denim can be that way and it is possible it would soften up after a few washes). i'm typically a 6/8 and the size small swallowed me, and the xs was big everywhere except through the bust (i ordered both sizes to try). i wouldn't recommend buying this if you are a size 8 or small
Yikes!  quite a smell off of this one- like wet/hot wool.  the color was beautiful, but the sweater is enormous!  strange fit under the arms as well.  this one went back the same day.
The fit is not as shown on the website. will be returning.
I was so excited to order this sweater but was so disappointed when it came. the knit is somewhat stiff and the sleeves are not as bell shaped as pictured on the model. overall i would of kept it if it were much less money, for the price it is just an ordinary sweater with no style.
This sweater was a big let down. i am 5'2" so i ordered it in a petite. it was so short that if i lifted my arms, you'd see my bra!! there is no way i could wear it without something under it- even with high waisted bottoms. and the bell sleeves look nothing like the pic. the entire sleeve is just wide, and it continues with little increase into the cuff. it is just short and boxy. it is going back for sure.
I loved the photo of this dress. upon examination of the dress (and trying it on) after receiving in the mail, the dress shown online is nothing like the dress i received save for the pattern. the dress i received has a side zip as well as a belt and no pleats on the top. the bottom is also cut straight across not as it appears in the photo. turns out it is not as flattering as it should appear.
I was excited to see these jeans since they came in petite sizes and had a short inseam... unfortunately after ordering/returning several pairs, i found out that these are actually not petite jeans. please beware that if you are ordering these for the shorter inseam, they are actually 28 in... not 24 in as in the description. other than the inseam issues, they fit like typical paige denim.
Very cheap looking material. looks cheap to cost $158.
The top i received was large, really long in length, pockets in the front along the seam, and lots of volume in the back without any princess seams to give it shape. the id #'s matched, but that's about it. returned!
My perspective is as a sewer so i'm more picky perhaps. this top is poorly made. the fabric pattern is crooked or not consistent in each piece. sewers do this to save $ - squeezing the pieces on the fabric. it looks sloppy. the cut is very full; the bottom edge measures 104" around. for my figure, curvey, at 5'6" and 150lbs, this top is not flattering it looks maternity. perhaps best on a slim figure and with leggings.
There is no way this is worth the price. i was deeply disappointed when it arrived. the material is thin and feels cheap. i love the design, and anna sui, but this is just so overpriced.
If i could sew, i'd take the fabric from this skirt and make it into a different shape (after ordering a bigger size). the fabric is just as it appears online -- totally gorgeous with almost a quilted feel to it. however, this thickness means the skirt sticks out like something judy jetson would wear. it's also too small in my go-to skirt size (and i order a lot at retailer). the waist and hips are small (making the skirt too short as well), but the bottom flares out ridiculously. i ordered two of
The print on these leggings is so cool but they are completely see-through. i mean seriously, seriously see-through.
I was so excited to splurge on a mara hoffman suit and was sorely disappointed when i received this suit in the mail. i'm petite and fairly curvy, so i knew it would likely be a little long in the torso but the whole suit was so oddly shaped, i couldn't imagine anyone it would fit. the square shape in between the halter pieces is awkward, and the pieces that are supposed to hold your chest are super wide and loose.
I usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops, ordered this top in an s and it was so wide on the sides and huge it fit like a tent.  not even remotely flattering.  i thought about ordering it in an xs, however, i could tell the xs was still going to have way too much fabric.  back it goes.
I've been buying stevie ankles for years from retailer and been very happy. the past two pairs i bought had a heavy chemical smell, which i imagine is some kind of starch/chemical to keep the denim stiff. with the first pair, after enough washes to get rid of the bad smell (4), they lost all form and looked terrible since they were washed i couldn't return them. the 2nd pair arrived with the same heavy smell and i returned them. it may be they are made elsewhere now, but it's disappointing.
I'm so incredibly disappointed. the dress is beautiful but the one i received is torn and has multiple strands of beads missing. poor quality control.
Very disappointed. the cutouts started to rip the first time i wore it. i've only worn it twice and i love it but the cut outs are embarrassing.
It's short and wide. not a good combo for anyone who isn't stick thin.
Cute top but started disintegrating after two washes. the delicate cutouts in the top tore apart. i machine washed it in the gentle cycle and didn't use the dryer. disappointed to have to discard the top after just buying it.
I received this as a gift. it is a very pretty top, but the material is sooo delicate that the cutout areas were torn in many spots and where it wasn't torn completely you could see it fraying. the sales associate said they get many returns on this item.
I'm a big retailer buyer- and usually love the dresses, especially the petite xs maxis. this was the worst retailer purchase i have ever made.   it was humongous and gave me no shape. even if i purchased an xxsp it probably would be the same. i'm small but i mean come on- this would only fit a giantess-- which also makes no sense because it's the petite size.   do not buy. i'm very upset i have to pay the $5.95 return fee since i ordered this.
Looks fitted on, but this just turned out to be an oversized muumuu on. the fabric also felt cheap.
Saw this on the sale rack and decided to try on. i looked like the dancing hypos in the movie fantasia. i am petite and not heavy but this is for very slim and tall people. too much fabric in the peplum part.
I ordered these because i loved the wide cut and overall look. but returned them because they fit weird. too tight around the too high waistline (and normally, i like a high waistline). fit ran small. and the overall quality of the fabric wasn't as nice as i was hoping for. pretty disappointed.
I wanted to like this top so so so so badly. so badly in fact, that after the first size didn't fit, i ordered two other sizes to make sure: xl, l, m. none of them worked i really wanted to like this top. the online photo makes the clothing look so flattering and the shirt is just not....at least on me. the shirt online on the model looks slimming and a lot longer than the actual piece of the clothing. the beaded work is very beautiful, but short causing the very poofy peplum to start at the mos
I know this product description says oversized but that's an understatement. i ordered a small and tried it on and i looked like a little kid in their father's jacket. i don't even think an xs would have worked. i'm 5'6" and about 135 pounds for reference. i will say that the embroidery on the back is very cool and this jacket is overall a cool concept but it's just way too big.
Extremely disappointed with this top. it runs extremely large. i'm 5'2, 130 lbs, 34c and usually wear between a 0-2 & xs-s tops at retailer. i ordered a 0 and it looked like a maternity top on me. the bottom half of the top flared out and did not fit close to the body at all. fabric was also a gauze-like material that was not soft. unfortunately, i will be returning.
The material is cheap and looks torn. not as nice as the picture.
This skirt was horrible on me. it was loose in the waist, tight in the hips and poofed out like crazy at the tiered part on the bottom. the material also felt cheap and clingy. i guess the fit is tts, but it's hard to tell given how strange the cut was.
I was so excited about this skirt and pairing it with a cute blouse for the warmer weather. as i took out the skirt out of the package and flipped it around, the back has mesh strips that are see through! there is also no lining to go with this skirt. if you go back to the "back view" picture on the website and zoom in closely, you can see the model's black underwear.
I thought from the picture this would be a light floaty top. when it arrived, the fabric was a heavy knit and the neckline sagged very low. on me (granted i'm a pear) the bottom layer hugged my tummy and rear in a very unflattering way. the only thing i liked was the color. back it went.
This shirt was so weird?it does not fit like the photo at all. there seems to be missing a stitch or something at the top as it is wide open until the bottom/where it meets the other layer. i could wear a tank/camisole underneath, but it still just did not fit right. i do not have a large chest, but this was ridiculous. beyond that, the red color was just okay. even though i purchased this on sale, it was not worth the price and i returned.
Right out of the bag, this top didn't really match the one pictured here (it is the right top, though). the fabric was heavy and felt "damp" -- the way something feels coming out of the wash. very odd. and the fit is nothing like what's shown on the model. the "v" is not fitted or nicely wrapped (or even tacked in place) -- it was just two loose, droopy pieces so most of my bra was showing no matter how many times i put the pieces back where they belonged (i'm neither "flat chested" nor "busty"
I really wanted to like this dress and was so disappointed when it came in the mail. if you have any sort of hips, the light pattern in the middle doesn't do you any favors. this made my hips look soooo wide! and the seaming and gathering in the middle was just off. if it was one continuous piece of fabric it might look better. with the seam, the pattern was cut up and looked pieced together. that just drew too much attention to my stomach and hips. it had to go back.
I am almost always an xs in bottoms (sz 0-2) but literally couldn't get the stretchy waistband (no zip or fastening) in xs up my hips. in addition, the "brocade" is a very lightweight polyestery, tinselly weave--does not suggest quality. as others have noted, it also runs short; i'm 5'3'' and this was a little below knee length on me, not ankle-length. i've had luck with retailer's sale section in the past, including some items that didn't always start off with the best reviews, but have no regret
Ordered a l and xl, the sleeves were so tight on both sizes but the rest of the shirt was wide and loose. the tight sleeves were not proportional with the rest of the shirt. both sizes had to be returned.
This dress looks lovely on the model, but it looks just awful on me! i am 5'4" and curvy. the shoulders are cut w/ a weird shape. instead of a cap sleeve, it is like a pointy cap on the side and stuck out on my shoulders. it looks like i am ready to get beamed into space. the material is nice and the sequins are pretty, but the cut of the dress is unflattering.
I thought it was only me and immediately assumed i needed to go on a diet when i attempted to put this adorable skirt on. it got stuck at my hips. i'm a very consistent size small in dresses and skirts. i actually thought about putting it on over my head but that was impossible. its going back. now i see the other reviews and am relieved that its the skirt and not me! wish i had read them before purchasing. retailer is going to get a lot of returns on this one.
What an adorable and frustrating skirt! i'm not a large person: 32d-26-36. and i ordered my normal size small. this is a pull on skirt, and the waist opening could not accommodate either my shoulders or my hips. in most retailer clothes, i'm either a size 2 or 4; i have to agree with the other reviewer. there is no way to put this item on.
This sweater was huge, it hung down to my calves! it also is really bulky and scratchy, it feels as if you are wearing an old wool blanket. i think it is only made for really tall and skinny people. i'm 5'2" and weigh 120lbs. and i ordered a size s, and i was swimming in it. the fabric is very thick, i may be great if you live in alaska or the arctic. it adds about 20lbs to your body frame.......
The pleats on the bib make this look like something from chloe sevigny's wardrobe on the set of big love. and the shoulders are cut for an offensive lineman.
Looks great in the picture but when i got this in the mail the fabric was so stiff! shaking it out did nothing-almost like it was dipped in drying glue. i got this for $10 which is so cheap and i still returned it!
I purchased this top in the rose and steel blue colors even though the majority of reviews says it shrinks even when you wash per the instructions. i called the local retailer store first to see if it could be returned if this happened and they said yes, no problem. well the reviews are correct. i washed just the rose colored top so i could compare it to the steel blue if it did shrink. i am returning them this evening. i will not take the time or spend the money to dry clean a tank. it is made ve
This dress is so beautiful in person! but the quality was very upsetting. i had two buttons come off before even putting it on. i was so excited to get his dress for my wedding shower and then i couldn't wear it :(
I bought this top and it ran huge, i had to get an extra small. well then i wash it according to the instructions and it shrunk horribly! like its so small now my 3 yr old could probably wear it! i'm so sad, i really liked this top....but for it to shrink after one wear is not acceptable.
I had hopes for this shirt but was disappointed in the fabric...it's very stiff and heavy for a summer blouse. will be returning it.
I purchased this item in the gray heather color and loved it so much i wanted to buy every other color. the fabric was cottony and felt very soft and cushy against my skin, and the gray color was from the combination of black and white fibers. i ordered the light gray and the red online and could not wait for them to arrive. but the other colors were not even in the same material, but a very shiny and synthetic feeling fabric, with just a single color weave that did not have the same feel or tex
This dress will unfortunately be returned...so cute online and looks like a sack in person.  runs very large, arm holes are very low.  not flattering.
I bought this top on sale - very glad i did not pay full price for it! i wash everything before i wear it. when it dried i saw that there was a grease spot on the back and a small hole on one upper arm - i will probably be able to take care of the grease spot, but the hole will be a little trickier, as the material is kind of filmy.
I agree with the other reviewer who said there was too much hardware and such. this really does have a lot going on. i usually wear a 4 in skirts, and based on reviews, went up one size. it still saw way up near my chest - i think even an 8 would be too small! it's sooooo tiny at the waist. probably buy 2 sizes, 2 and 3 sizes up from your own. also, the skirt flares super wide at the sides, it doesn't sit the way in the photo or maybe the model is holding it down with her hand. it's like a skirt
Beautiful jacket and i got lots of compliments. true to size. it's not thick but it's very warm.
I was looking for a really warm, but stylish coat that i could wear when the weather is frigid as it sometimes gets here in the dc area. i tried on a size small, which is my usual coat size. while the coat fit, it was not flattering. for reference i am 5'9" 128 pounds and usually wear a small/xsmall in retailer tops. in this coat i looked like a linebacker with pads on. the front material is doubled, which makes you look like you have a large protruding stomach. the shoulders are bulky and
I wanted to love this. couldn't wait for it to arrive.  unfortunately, it doesn't look anything like the picture.  i usually wear a m/l in holding horses so i ordered a l but as soon as i held it up i noticed it was ridiculously large. the fabric is on the heavy side so the dress just hangs in a very unflattering way. and, it is extremely shimmery.  i love velvet, but the texture and sheen of this dress was just over the top. sadly, it is going back.
I loved this coat in the picture, and couldn't wait to get it. sadly, it did not deliver in real life. i got my usual size small, and it fit well in the shoulders and sleeves, and okay in front. the big problem was the back. it just hung from my shoulders with zero shape, and a lot of extra fabric. i considered trying the xs, but was concerned that the shoulders might not be comfortable, and honestly i can't believe the xs could possibly have been different enough to work. maybe i got a defectiv
The fabric is very nice on this wrap, but it wears like a blanket.
I wanted to love this tunic sweater. the material is so soft and a perfect weight. the color is pretty. bu the fit absolutely did not work for me. the tunic runs very small. a large usually fits me but i felt like i was wearing a small. the slits are quite high. i was sorry to do it but this one went straight back!
This dress had so much potential. the top was absolutely gorgeous. my issue was with the bottom half of the dress. the bottom is made from a heavy quilted material that is stiff and has no movement at all. the dress is supposed to fit like a modified mermaid dress where its more fitted around the hips and flares out, the dress i received had so much material on the bottom that it actually made my hips look bigger. i though about having the dress altered but decided to return instead.
I ordered these leggings and loved them, for about an hour- at which point the belt loop ripped off of the pant, leaving a hole. i called customer service and they sent me a 2nd pair. same thing happened. i never even pulled on the belt loop. they are just so flimsy. it's a shame bc they are cool looking.
I should have heeded the previous reviewer's advice. but i'm really short so i thought i'd give it a try. there is something really wrong with the bust. first, it's about 3-4 inches higher than it should be. the bottom trim cut across the middle of my bust. even if i hoisted everthing up in there to fit the cups, they are really only designed to fit cones, not curves. from the side it looked hideous. too bad, because the fabric and fit everywhere else is gorgeous.
I was extremely excited to receive these pants, given the two positive reviews. i'm a petite woman and have trouble finding jeans with the right proportions. i sized down from my normal size (27 to a 26) and was swimming in these pants. i would have had to go down three sizes to make these work. i'm not sure if i received a defective pair or what, but be cautious ordering these pants.
This pants the worst short that i ever had!! i bought ;this short last week and i laundry it yesterday and it came out lost color!! i was really shock definetly will return it to store. fyi, i never use chrolox or bleach when i laundry.
The dress is beautiful on the model. in person it's sheer, but i could have dealt with that if the fit had been great. i am 5'4" and the petite was too short and the regular too long. both are very boxy and seem to run big. even the size small in both petite and regular were too big on me and usually in cloth and stone size small is perfect. i really wanted to love this dress but ended up returning several sizes in my attempt to find the perfect size.
I purchased this top on sale and was really excited about the style. it fit great the first time i wore it. i washed it once, according to the care instructions. after washing it in cold water and allowing it to air dry, it was basically ruined. it shrunk up in length widened out about two inches. i'm pretty bummed about it because it was cute.
I love sundry and their fun designs--i was disappointed because the fabric is very thin and the dark part of the heart is not black but bluish slate grey. it is just not what i expected from the picture. i bought the xs and it felt baggy on the body.
This blouse has too much drapey fabric and it's just not flattering.  in the front part of the blouse the fabric is relatively short, but the sleeves have so much excess fabric it almost looks like a clown suit.  sending back.
I wish i had read the reviews prior to purchasing. this skirt looks amazing in photos and lace appears black. the lace on mine is actually purple - at first i thought it was just purple due to lighting with red underneath - but nope - pull the netting away and it is purple. lace netting hikes up on the right due to poor craftsmanship. i ordered a medium and felt it was a bit large. will return.
Looks great on the model, but in actuality there is way too much fabric; what should be flowy and billowy looks like a tent (or a maternity top on a petite woman). it didn't matter which size, they all fit me disastrously. i love the look and i thought of keeping it and having it taken in, but there's too much fabric under the chest to make it an easy cut/alteration on the side seams. sometimes i wonder who comes up with these patterns, and if they pin the shirts back on the models. if you put a
The color is darker than shown (i ordered the denim looking one). the flower things are not very visible as it all looks one color. it must be great for the tall skinny model , but if your 5'4'' and pear shaped like me, it's a no go! took it back to my local store.
I bought this jacket based on how it looked on the model, and from the reviews. i found it to be super big, and unflattering to say the least. i'm 5"10, 155lbs. i sent it back.
This dress fits awfully. it's not short, as pictured in photo. it hit just above my knees. it looked like sack. i would've, also, felt like i was choking  all night with it clasped around my neck. it, potentially, may look okay on someone who is very tall, skinny, and lanky, but i have my doubts about that too.
Very cute top. i went down a size because for me it was a little large in the back, but that was just my taste. i purchased the denim print.
I bought this shirt in a l, since i didn't want it to be too fitted and was concerned a m would be. it is so boxy! it's like a completely different shirt. i have no idea how it looks good on anyone, unless it is simply widened the larger the size. maybe a m wouldn't be as wide and therefore as boxy, but this shirt is just a bad mess. returning.
I bought this very cute t-shirt in sky. wore it once, then washed it according to the washing instuctions (machine washable/dryable). this t-shirt turned into a crop top!!!!! i can't wear it. it's going to goodwill. i would suggest that you air dry this shirt, if you want to take the chance that it won't shrink up several inches.
I was so excited to find this shirt on sale at my local retailer store. but, i did not notice the high percentage of rayon in the fabric, which caused the shirt to shrink significantly in the wash (even when following washing instructions). i washed it on cold with woolite and it is about half the length it was initially! i'm so disappointed. how can you make a shirt that can't withstand washing?!
Wish i would have read the reviews before i purchased and wore two of these. washed as directed and same outcome as everyone else. basically unwearable unless i maybe use it for a nightshirt. the shrinkage lengthwise was ridiculous. glad i didn't buy every color like i had planned to do!
So disappointing! everything i've owned from bordeaux has washed well and stood the test of time. one wash and this was ruined! shrunk terrible even after washing in cold water on delicate and laying flat to dry. completely ruined. returned it.
It's a cute top but once i washed in cold water and laid flat to dry it shrunk and lost it's shape. very disappointed. i am going to return top.
I loved this shirt when i got it. it fit perfectly, and was so soft. but when i washed it, following the instructions, it shrank up to well above my belly button. i'm talking 6 inches of shrinkage, at least.
Bought two of these because i loved the way they fit off of the rack. washed them according to directions and they were ruined. the material shrank up making the shirt short and boxy and the side panels ended up being rippled. definitely going to try to return these.
When the top arrived and i tried it on; it was great. the length was perfect even though i am curvy. after one wash (done according to the directions), the top shrank in length considerably. i do not mind paying a higher price for something unique and something of quality.....i do have a problem with something that does not hold up to basic use. i will be returning this item.
I tried on and bought this shirt in my usual size and it fit long and loose but still had great shape. after hand washing in cold water and air drying, as per instructions on the tag, the shirt shrunk significantly. so much so that my stomach shows if i raise my arms at all. it also lost its shape, and now looks very boxy and is very unflattering. i won't be wearing it and am disappointed i didn't even get to wear it once!
It seemed to stay in place and did not require constant readjustment. however, i found the band to be extremely small and tight. it is not the most comfortable bra because of the way the band just presses into your skin.
I ordered the blue in size 16. it ran at least two, if not three, sizes too small compared to my other retailer 14 & 16 blouses. it was too small through the body, other than the peplum. the arms were tight too. the waistline and length matched the online photos. it's widening. the material they chose was also scratchy and rough, especially around the neckline. i returned mine after trying it on and seeing there was no way to make this work. the blue color was gorgeous though. the patterned lace w
