Love this dress!  it's sooo pretty.  i happened to find it in a store, and i'm glad i did bc i never would have ordered it online bc it's petite.  i bought a petite and am 5'8".  i love the length on me- hits just a little below the knee.  would definitely be a true midi on someone who is truly petite.
I love, love, love this jumpsuit. it's fun, flirty, and fabulous! every time i wear it, i get nothing but great compliments!
This shirt is very flattering to all due to the adjustable front tie. it is the perfect length to wear with leggings and it is sleeveless so it pairs well with any cardigan. love this shirt!!!
I aded this in my basket at hte last mintue to see what it would look like in person. (store pick up). i went with teh darkler color only because i am so pale :-) hte color is really gorgeous, and turns out it mathced everythiing i was trying on with it prefectly. it is a little baggy on me and hte xs is hte msallet size (bummer, no petite). i decided to jkeep it though, because as i said, it matvehd everything. my ejans, pants, and the 3 skirts i waas trying on (of which i ]kept all ) oops.
I love this dress. i usually get an xs but it runs a little snug in bust so i ordered up a size. very flattering and feminine with the usual retailer flair for style.
I'm 5"5' and 125 lbs. i ordered the s petite to make sure the length wasn't too long. i typically wear an xs regular in retailer dresses. if you're less busty (34b cup or smaller), a s petite will fit you perfectly (snug, but not tight). i love that i could dress it up for a party, or down for work. i love that the tulle is longer then the fabric underneath.
This dress is perfection! so pretty and flattering.
More and more i find myself reliant on the reviews written by savvy shoppers before me and for the most past, they are right on in their estimation of the product. in the case of this dress-if it had not been for the reveiws-i doubt i would have even tried this. the dress is beautifully made, lined and reminiscent of the old retailer quality. it is lined in the solid periwinkle-colored fabric that matches the outer fabric print. tts and very form-fitting. falls just above the knee and does not rid
Bought the black xs to go under the larkspur midi dress because they didn't bother lining the skirt portion (grrrrrrrrrrr). my stats are 34a-28/29-36 and the xs fit very smoothly around the chest and was flowy around my lower half, so i would say it's running big. the straps are very pretty and it could easily be nightwear too. i'm 5'6" and it came to just below my knees.
Took a chance on this blouse and so glad i did. i wasn't crazy about how the blouse is photographed on the model. i paired it whit white pants and it worked perfectly. crisp and clean is how i would describe it. launders well. fits great. drape is perfect. wear tucked in or out - can't go wrong.
A flattering, super cozy coat.  will work well for cold, dry days and will look good with jeans or a dressier outfit.  i am 5' 5'', about 135 and the small fits great.
I love the look and feel of this tulle dress. i was looking for something different, but not over the top for new year's eve. i'm small chested and the top of this dress is form fitting for a flattering look. once i steamed the tulle, it was perfect! i ordered an xsp. length was perfect too.
I love this shirt because when i first saw it, i wasn't sure if it was a shirt or dress. since it is see-through if you wear it like a dress you will need a slip or wear it with leggings. i bought a slip, wore the tie in the back, and rocked it with white wedges. you could also wear it as a vest. be careful with the buttons. i haven't had any fall off yet, but i feel like they will. overall it's great for any occasion and it's fun to wear!
I have several of goodhyouman shirts and i get so many compliments on them. especially the one that says forehead kisses are underrated. don't hesitate. buy this shirt. you won't be sorry.....
This sweater is so comfy and classic - it balances a quirky hand-knit look with a beautiful color and practical fit. it is a bit cropped and boxy as part of the style, and as others mentioned, there are gaps in the knit that make it see-through. in my opinion this makes it perfect for layering! i like having a longer camisole showing underneath, or wearing it over a little dress. it's warm but still thin enough to fit under a jacket or coat.
Beautifully made pants and on trend with the flared crop. so much cuter in person. love these!
I never would have given these pants a second look online, in person they are much cuter! the stripes are brighter and the fit more flattering. the crop has a cute flare which is right on trend. this brand has always run small for me, i am 5'8 about 140lbs and carry some chubbiness in the belly. i paired it with a collarless loose navy blazer
These pants are even better in person. the only downside is that they need to be dry cleaned.
This is such a neat dress. the color is great and the fabric is super soft. i am tall so the long length was an added bonus. it definitely needs something underneath since the front gaps. i am going to pair it with a funky tank top, necklaces and boots. super cute!!
Just ordered this in a small for me (5'6", 135, size 4) and medium for my mom (5'3", 130, size 8) and it is gorgeous - beautifully draped, all the weight/warmth i'll need for houston fall and winter, looks polished snapped or unsnapped. age-appropriate for both my mom (60's) and myself (30's). will look amazing with skinny jeans or leggings. we ordered the gray which is true to the photos.
Super cute and comfy pull over. sizing is accurate. material has a little bit of stretch.
Great casual top with flare. looks cute with grey pilcro stet jeans. flattering with peplum in back. nice cut for shoulders and neckline.
This is a beautiful top. it's unique and not so ordinary. i bought my usual medium and i found that it fits tight across my chest. although i had a baby this year and i am nursing, so that could be why. if i bought again i would size up.
This poncho is so cute i love the plaid check design, the colors look like sorbet & cream and it will pair well with a turtleneck and jeans or pencil skirt and heels. i love this look for fall and it can roll right into spring. great buy!!
Tried this on today at my local retailer and had to have it. it is so comfortable and flattering. it's too bad the picture online has the model tucking it into the skirt because you can't see the ruching across the front. a little dressier alternative to a plain tee and reasonably priced for retailer. 5'8"" and i generally wear a 6, the small fit well. will probably be back for the black!
I love this top. i wear it all the time.  the problem is that you can tell i wear it all the time as the fabric has started to fade.  i'd still recommend it as it is so comfortable.
Very comfortable, material is good, cut out on sleeves flattering
This sweater is perfect for fall...it's roomy, warm, super comfy and the color really pops.
Really cute top! the embroidery on the collar & bib of this top is beautiful and unique, received lots of compliments & questions about where i got it. i'm rather busty up top and the medium fit well, a small probably would've fit better but it's still super adorable.
I absolutely love this bib tee! it's probably my favorite retailer purchase of all time. i'm 5'7", 140 pounds and the small was a perfect fit for me. i typically wear either a s or m tops.
Very soft and comfortable. the shirt has an unusual, asymmetrical seam that appears along the front, right-hand side of the garment. (the model is positioned so that you can't see this detail from the picture. i attached a picture that includes the front seam.) i actually like the seam - it creates more visual interest, and adds a little bit of ruching that helps hide my belly. the cowl neck is very well done - there are two layers that form the cowl, and i've found that it means wardrobe malfun
This is an adorable top that i find to be extremely comfortable. i don't usually buy prints but this one is so feminine and looks great with dark wash jeans. i am a 36d and the medium was a perfect fit.
This dress is simply beautiful and stunning. it is so figure flattering and i can't wait to wear it. size small worked for me, and since i'm tall it fell right to my ankle which is perfect for me. i could not be happier with the purchase and the keyhole in the back is a beautiful detail.
I recently got this on sale after looking at it forever on my wish list. i'm so happy with it. its very comfortable and just long enough for my torso (5'3). the pattern on the front is very flattering.
Very comfortable shirt, light weight top with lovely floral colors. great for spring/summer with white jeans. love everything one september makes!
Loved this top and was really happy to find it on sale!
Love this top! i kept eyeing it online and wavering on size, since my post-baby body is a little wonky. i went with the xsp, and miraculously, it works perfectly! so, i would say it does run just a little large..... i love the length, and usually do not go with petite sizes at retailer because i like the longer lengths of the regular. but this is perfect on me, and there is give up top, so it looks lovely. and it is very soft and comfortable. this will be a go-to top this season!
I have a short torso and this works well for me. 34c, bought the 0. there's not much stretch to the fabric so it is fitted to my chest, but not in an uncomfortable way. definitely doesn't hang and have extra fabric like on the model.   zipper goes almost all the way down to the bottom so it's easier to get on and off which makes up for the lack of stretch n the fabric.  unlike another reviewer, i found it went really well with navy pants and i wore it to a business meeting under a blazer. wi
I passed up this dress so many times in the store and finally tried it on today because i wanted a casual dress while traveling in the cape. i was surprised how much cuter it is on than on hanger. i sized down to get a more fitting look and really made a difference for me in style. i was not a fan of the way it looked so loose on model. it looks really cute fitted and a bit sexy even. it is lined and very comfy and can be dressed up a but for work with a cardi. i believe i will get a lot of wear
I am so drawn to baby doll and boxy shirts so i immediately tried this on in the store. i am petite and only 5'2", so usually shirts with a lot of fabric swallow me whole but this one was still cute. there is a lot more fabric than the picture lets on, but i think it is still super cute and flattering. i would definitely check the size chart and read comments to see if someone with your same size description has recommended a specific size for your body type. i am petite and weigh about 110 lbs
I usually size up with this brand. small was perfect for me at 135lbs. this top has a luxurious but casual feel and beautiful. i am obsessed and want to wear it everyday. it wears a little long and drapey but a little tight where it rolls up in the arms.
I am usually a petite 6 but since this dress did not come in petites i tried on 4 and it fit. i'm 5'1" -112lbs so dress hit rt below knee -will have it hemmed up a bit do not so overwhelming.  this dress looks stunning on! great vibrant color ( i have dark hair) makes this classic elegant dress look contemporary and stylish. when i tried it on in store, salesperson and others who happen to see it on me raved and told me to grab it! i did and am glad.  i plan to wear it this spring for my daughte
Loved this top. great design. comfortable and unique. soft material
The rest of the reviewers are right about the color being in accurately pictured. i ordered the dark orange color and i recieved more of a dark cedar brown colored jacket. the print is great, i love it! it's so different than any other jackets ive seen. while the jacket is ã¼ber cute, it is a bit bulky (though the waist tie helps with that) and its not heavy winter appropriate ( it's not waterproof or heavily insulated). for your average winter day though, it will be a fun option! the removable v
I purchased this top in an antro store last week. the quality is wonderful and the greenish blue color is very unique. the blouse has a beautiful stretchy camsiole that is attached at the shoulders, but can be removed by snaps. i tooks great when worn two different ways. i wore it with the campole out, and it peeks through the blouse at the bottom. it also looks great when the camisole is worn in. my only wish is that it would come in a petite size as it's a touch big at the shoulders and neckli
This top is so much prettier in real life than it is on the model. the pattern and texture are both lovely, and the peplum is surprisingly flattering. it is definitely on the short side, but i think that gives it a modern look. the fabric does not stretch at all, but i still think it fits tts. if you have a very large chest you may want to go up a size, but otherwise i would order your normal size.
Purchased this top online, and when i received it was very pleased. it has and elegant cut and yet is a casual fabric. love that the sleeves run longer......ads to the overall look. also loved the v neckline.........enhances the feel of the overall style. with various necklaces this top has limitless options! the color states moss....which i usually think of as greenish brown......i found it to be more of a taupe. would have liked it to have a green tones, however it is still a fantastic f
This top is absolutely stunning. i purchased the white one. just received and it fits nicely-a little on the big side but i believe it looks better that way. this will look great with everything. it is well constructed and looks very unique. love it!
I bought this lovely silk/velvet shirt in the &quot;sky&quot; color but it is more on the teal blue side than sky blue, which disappointed me. it is definitely darker than appears in photo. still a luxurious well-made beauty with sassy appeal. it drapes like a snake slithering down your body. it comes with attitude.
The shirt is exactly as it is pictured, i have the burnt orange color and love it! i received numerous compliments both paired with jeans and tucked into a fun skirt. it fits true to size, as i normally wear a small in all retailer however it is the slightest bit tight in the shoulders. i would give this top a 5/5.
Perfect dress for hot, humid, sticky weather.
I read the first review on this and ordered both a small and a medium as i thought this would run small. i have to totally disagree with the reviewer! i find that this top runs true to size or even generous! the sky color is so pretty and this top can be dressed up with some nice heels and a necklace or it can be comfy casual! i usually wear a small in hh brand and this one was true to fit (5"2", broad shoulders, 120 lb)
This dress is comfortable and stylish at the same time. it runs true to size. i'm 5'1" 113 lbs and got the xs petite. wore it once so far for a few hours and got a few compliments on it!
This is the perfect summer dress. it can be dressed up or down. the quality of the linen fabric is very nice. i'm 5'1" and it hit right below my knees. i found it to run true to size. those with a smaller bust might want to go down a size, but the tie in the front can be adjusted. it's lovely.
The color is perfect for fall and into winter. only the inside collar on the photo shows the subtle plaid lining. the lining was an unexpected bonus, and adds even more dimension to the shirt if the sleeves are turned up. the fit is true to size and the 'stressed' velvet fabric is current for this season. i'm going to enjoy wearing this shirt.
The perfect striped t-shirt, and the cute little buttons down the front are a wonderful accent with each one being different. i love it!
Great look and you can wear this vest with almost everything . i normally wear a small but they only had mediums and it fit fine( i like it tied). this will stay in my closet all year round . it does look like it will wrinkle easily but that doesn't bother me . a must buy !
This is a great pull over dress that can easily be dressed to wear to work, to a bbq, or to happy hour. i have a large chest which sometimes makes this fit look like a tent but this fabric drapes nicely. the only thing i would note is the neckline was slightly higher on me than for the model.
After reading the previous reviews, i ordered a size larger. i am so glad i did it! it fits perfectly! i am 5'4"/115/32dd and went with the s regular. so beautiful! i can't wait to wear it!
This coat is beautiful! i love the color and the design. it definitely runs a little large. i usually wear a small or a zero and i can wear a small wth a large sweater underneath no problem. i might have wanted an extra small but i just stuck with the small because i needed the coat already. the vest keeps it warm, but the sleeves aren't lined so it's cold unless you have a nice sweater underneath it if you're going to be in cold weather.
This top is super comfy and casual. the slit/design in the front gives it more of a stylish look than your average white long sleeve tee. would definitely recommend.
I love this vest! there are so many ways to style it...open or tied closed, over a dress or with a tshirt and jeans. i get compliments every time i wear it. it's soft and light enough to add interest to an outfit without being too heavy/hot to wear all day.
This blouse is a perfect creation: perfect-weight cotton, many, many details, and color, all perfectly executed. there's fullness to the body, so this will definitely be easy to wear in hot, humid locations this summer, and it would be easy to pair with many things you have already for a casual yet collected look. there's no mistaking quality when you look at this piece! i bought the medium for my 130#, 34f, size 8 blouse/tee frame. this is the blouse you will have for years, and you will enjoy
The silhouette and length of this skirt and length are flattering, classic and comfortable! the colors and weight of this skirt make it versatile - could be worn year-round (so long as it's not 100 degrees out - there is a bit of weight to it). it's one of my favorite pieces in my closet. can be styled 20 different ways. pair with a higher-end tee, tank, denim jacket or body-hugging sweater. i sized down.
Perfect for work or going out. i layered this with the reversible tank in medium pink so it would be work appropriate. it did not feel scratchy to me, maybe because i layered it. great buy especially with the discounts. feel like i lucked out.
Ii'm not usually big on lace but this is so unique and versatile that i went for it. looks good dressed up w/a nice top or casual w/a tee. can be worn practically all year. love it!
Some reviewers found this skirt to be on the smaller side, but for me, it was big,,, too bad the smaller size is sold out (well, all peittes are sold out). the length is also pretty long, below the knee, but in the narrow part still...so able to keep it. the colors are great. i brought it in the store to try on in front fo the stylists, adn they all loved it and told me to keep it... winner for sure!
I purchased this skirt at retailer store in texas. i fell in love since i saw it. the fabric is nice and the colors are pretty and cheerful for this spring/summer !! and it has pockets on the sides! don't we love pockets? very practical and lightweight
This is a very pretty skirt and the colors are better in real life. sizing was mostly true to size for me, slightly tight in the waist but i have a thicker waist compared to my hips. i'm 5'7 and 138# and ordered a size 4 (i usually size up to a 6 with retailer pencil skirts.) a 6 probably would have fit as well, especially in the waist but didn't want it too big in the hips. length was perfect, to my knees.
This skirt is wonderful! the price point seems a bit high for the average office gal, but the quality is impeccable. i really enjoy looking at myself in the mirror when wearing this skirt. it can be dressed up, dressed down, worn during all seasons. the design/pattern is artsy and whimsical without being too "out-there" (unless you want it to be, of course!). the fit is true to size, and the delicate details are just lovely.
Like other reviewers noted, the pics don't do this skirt justice. it is truly beautiful with an intricate lace pattern and rich colors. can't wait to wear this to work!
This top is so much better in person. i do not agree with some of the other reviews about the fabric being scratchy. it is not and i have sensitive skin. i love this top and have got lots of compliments.
This is a lovely pencil skirt that is well-made and really brightens a work day. like a lot skirts with multiple colors, a lot of tops feel like they should match but you have to try a few that really work with the skirt and your look to get the right impact.
The online picture does not do this skirt justice. it's very pretty and unique in design. i think it should be worn with a tighter shirt that is tucked in unlike the picture. this is truly a pretty pencil skirt.
I bought a petite, size 2. i am 5'3", 111 lb - it fit perfect with a tiny bit of room. looks just like the one pictured. length on me was about 1 inch lower than the model. very bright with multiple colors. has a nice stretch. very cute.
This will be perfect for the mild fall weather in texas. it's light weight and i love that the top is a little more fitted and the bottom swings out.
I love the dresses by maeve and this one is no exception. i was pleasantly surprised upon receiving this dress because i wasn't sure about the print size and colors when i saw it online, but the print is beautiful. it's a very simple but elegant style and the ruffle on the back adds an extra touch of interest. i like that it has enough coverage at the top (front and back), the underarms do not fall very low, and it is lined. the a-line skirt will flatter most body types. the fabric and overall q
These pants are fun! i use them as sleep pants. i had to size up because the waist band was a little tight for comfort.
I ordered this in xs, i'm 5'4", around 115lbs, and it fits perfectly. the material is very soft, but not see-through, and the romper is well-made. i wish it came in other colours, i'd buy more!
This skirt is beautiful (especially the color) and looks well made. however, i am very pear shaped and this skirt is just too straight to be flattering on me. i agree that it runs small but even when i sized up it still wasn't flattering. i imagine that those who were not bestowed with massive hips will look lovely in this.
Love the fit of this sweater! it almost fits like a sweatshirt and definitely not as long as on the model. it hits me just below the hips( for ref. im 5-3"). im considering getting all the other colors because its so cute and comfortable. could be dressed up or down. runs true to size-im always a small and this fits perfectly roomy.
I love this sweater!! i like sweaters that are narrow on top and taper out so it doesn't look like a sack on me. plus, it is the perfect weight. i wish i would have bought one in a different color because it is so comfortable.
Love this tunic! i am a curvy gal (with a few extra 'curves' in the middle) and this is a perfect top for accentuating the good and masking the negative. i purchased the pink color and it is a gorgeous peachy- pink, a much deeper color than what is portrayed in the picture. i found it true to size. typically i wear a medium or large, depending on the structure and the medium fit well. a little more fitted on top and looser around the waist. i came back to buy another in the ivory but alas, it is
Loved the green color, the cut is super flattering, but alas, i do need hte petite, ti was a bit long and i looked a little lost. unfrotuantely, the color is sold out in petite :-(
I like this sweater so much i just bought it in a second color! the pleats make the sweater conform to my shape just enough to be flattering. i wore it over three different dresses this week that might have felt too bare for work or cooler weather. i live in a hot climate so this is the right weight for our cooler months. the metallic threads give it a little bit of flair and the grey color goes with everything. i'm 5'7" size 10-12 and the large fit just right.
This easel caftan is simply amazing! the silhouette fits all sizes and shapes while providing a unique dress.
I love the color of this skirt, and the fabric is wonderful. it was a bit longer than anticipated, but fit well.
Finally a "swing top" that doesn't look like a sack on me! i've been wanting to partake of this current style, but everything i've tried so far just looks "dumpy" on me. not this top -- it is very feminine and flattering. i am 5'7" 118 lbs and have a small waist -- and although this is a "swing" style, it still shows my waist and doesn't overpower me. it is also a lovely fabric -- especially in the soft pink which i got. i'm thinking of going back for more colors!
I bought this shirt in the neutral and white and love it. so many people compliment it. i usually pair it with white pants and cute wedges to dress it up (obviously with a statement necklace too). but the greatest thing about this shirt is the fact that you can also dress it down. the material is fabulous but i have not washed it yet so i am not sure if it is going to shrink (which i hope it doesn't because it is one of my favorite pieces).   unlike the other reviewer i did not think that the
Unlike the other reviewers, i did not have any problem with the sizing, fit or length of this skirt. it is a midi skirt so i think it's suppose to be a little bit longer?? for me it fit true to size. for reference i am 5'8", 135 pounds and the size 6 fit perfectly. i think the color is beautiful and the quality is good.
For a now feel, that comfy and well made, this was a great choice!
Nice weight sweater that allows one to wear leggings or ultra skinny jeans without looking like i'm pregnant (not that there's anything wrong with that) very feminine and light weight enough to wear with a cami underneath and a pretty scarf.
Great shirt to wear with white pants and wedges. i'm a teacher and this is perfect for warmer months for school or for casual evening out. it runs big but falls in such a way that it doesn't make the wearer look big; it falls elegantly and in a flattering way.  great, versatile shirt.
Gorgeous top, very nice. detail work, soft and flattering. i don't think its too full on the bottom at all - mine has a loose but pretty straight silhouette. word of warning: soft pink is not pink it is peach with some pink - and definitely not my color. if peach isn't flattering on you, heed this and other reviewers comments they are weighing correctly! i will have to either return for the white or dye the fabric myself to a more flattering shade, bummer that i thought the other reviewers might
I have already worn this several times. it is very flattering, lightweight, and easy to wear. dressy but also very soft and comfortable.
I'm 5'4", 130 lbs. 34 d. i bought the medium. i think i could have gotten the small but i didn't have time to re-order. it fit fine but could have been a little more snug around my top half. i love the length and the fabric.!
Ranna designs richly detailed dresses and this is no exception.  looks just like the pictures (colors/cut/drape) with the exception of a modesty hook at the deep v-neck.  sleeves are sheer with an elastic cuff.  this dress does not stretch--the bodice felt very fitted and tight, especially at the waist band.  runs tts or small; if you're busty/broad shouldered, size up.  it has a dreadful side zip, is fully lined and all synthetic fabric (boo!)  i purchased size 10p, my stats 36c/38-27-35/135#.
Adorable... too chilly now to wear alone & too cute to cover it up! my navy parka or jean jacket will prob be ok w/ it though. size 6 fits me perfectly & looks pretty much on me as in the pic. love plaid & cotton blend tops anyways. ruffles - adorable, & i'm not too big on that but do love this look. when i first removed this top from the packaging it had an odd 'smoky'-like odor, but it's the dye i think. after hanging it for a few days the smell disappeared. i have in mind to wear w/ the pilcr
This dress makes you feel like a bohemian goddess.  falls in the right area and absolutely adorable.  the dress is very fragile, handle with care.
This is my new favorite top! looks and fits as described.
